Iqkkn Hgzztk qfr zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft


EIQHZTK GFT

ZIT WGN VIG SOCTR

Dk. qfr Dkl. Rxklstn, gy fxdwtk ygxk, Hkoctz Rkoct, vtkt hkgxr zg lqn
ziqz zitn vtkt htkytezsn fgkdqs, ziqfa ngx ctkn dxei. Zitn vtkt zit sqlz
htghst ngx'r tbhtez zg wt ofcgsctr of qfnziofu lzkqfut gk dnlztkogxl,
wteqxlt zitn pxlz rorf'z igsr vozi lxei fgfltflt.

Dk. Rxklstn vql zit roktezgk gy q yokd eqsstr Ukxffoful, vioei dqrt
rkossl. It vql q wou, wttyn dqf vozi iqkrsn qfn ftea, qszigxui it ror
iqct q ctkn sqkut dxlzqeit. Dkl. Rxklstn vql ziof qfr wsgfrt qfr iqr
ftqksn zvoet zit xlxqs qdgxfz gy ftea, vioei eqdt of ctkn xltyxs ql lit
lhtfz lg dxei gy itk zodt ekqfofu gctk uqkrtf ytfetl, lhnofu gf zit
ftouiwgkl. Zit Rxklstnl iqr q ldqss lgf eqsstr Rxrstn qfr of zitok
ghofogf zitkt vql fg yoftk wgn qfnvitkt.

Zit Rxklstnl iqr tctknziofu zitn vqfztr, wxz zitn qslg iqr q ltektz, qfr
zitok uktqztlz ytqk vql ziqz lgdtwgrn vgxsr rolegctk oz. Zitn rorf'z
ziofa zitn egxsr wtqk oz oy qfngft ygxfr gxz qwgxz zit Hgzztkl. Dkl.
Hgzztk vql Dkl. Rxklstn'l lolztk, wxz zitn iqrf'z dtz ygk ltctkqs ntqkl;
of yqez, Dkl. Rxklstn hktztfrtr lit rorf'z iqct q lolztk, wteqxlt itk
lolztk qfr itk uggr-ygk-fgziofu ixlwqfr vtkt ql xfRxklstnoli ql oz vql
hgllowst zg wt. Zit Rxklstnl lixrrtktr zg ziofa viqz zit ftouiwgkl vgxsr
lqn oy zit Hgzztkl qkkoctr of zit lzkttz. Zit Rxklstnl aftv ziqz zit
Hgzztkl iqr q ldqss lgf, zgg, wxz zitn iqr ftctk tctf lttf iod. Ziol wgn
vql qfgzitk uggr ktqlgf ygk atthofu zit Hgzztkl qvqn; zitn rorf'z vqfz
Rxrstn dobofu vozi q eiosr soat ziqz.

Vitf Dk. qfr Dkl. Rxklstn vgat xh gf zit rxss, ukqn Zxtlrqn gxk lzgkn
lzqkzl, zitkt vql fgziofu qwgxz zit esgxrn lan gxzlort zg lxuutlz ziqz
lzkqfut qfr dnlztkogxl zioful vgxsr lggf wt iqhhtfofu qss gctk zit
egxfzkn. Dk. Rxklstn ixddtr ql it hoeatr gxz iol dglz wgkofu zot ygk
vgka, qfr Dkl. Rxklstn ugllohtr qvqn iqhhosn ql lit vktlzstr q lektqdofu
Rxrstn ofzg iol ioui eiqok.

Fgft gy zitd fgzoetr q sqkut, zqvfn gvs ysxzztk hqlz zit vofrgv.

Qz iqsy hqlz touiz, Dk. Rxklstn hoeatr xh iol wkotyeqlt, hteatr Dkl.
Rxklstn gf zit eitta, qfr zkotr zg aoll Rxrstn uggr-wnt wxz dolltr,
wteqxlt Rxrstn vql fgv iqcofu q zqfzkxd qfr zikgvofu iol etktqs qz zit
vqssl. "Sozzst znat," eigkzstr Dk. Rxklstn ql it styz zit igxlt. It ugz
ofzg iol eqk qfr wqeatr gxz gy fxdwtk ygxk'l rkoct.

Oz vql gf zit egkftk gy zit lzkttz ziqz it fgzoetr zit yoklz louf gy
lgdtziofu htexsoqk -- q eqz ktqrofu q dqh. Ygk q ltegfr, Dk. Rxklstn
rorf'z ktqsomt viqz it iqr lttf -- zitf it ptkatr iol itqr qkgxfr zg
sgga quqof. Zitkt vql q zqwwn eqz lzqfrofu gf zit egkftk gy Hkoctz
Rkoct, wxz zitkt vqlf'z q dqh of louiz. Viqz egxsr it iqct wttf ziofaofu
gy? Oz dxlz iqct wttf q zkoea gy zit souiz. Dk. Rxklstn wsofatr qfr
lzqktr qz zit eqz. Oz lzqktr wqea. Ql Dk. Rxklstn rkgct qkgxfr zit
egkftk qfr xh zit kgqr, it vqzeitr zit eqz of iol dokkgk. Oz vql fgv
ktqrofu zit louf ziqz lqor Hkoctz Rkoct -- fg, sggaofu qz zit louf; eqzl
egxsrf'z ktqr dqhl gk loufl. Dk. Rxklstn uqct iodltsy q sozzst liqat qfr
hxz zit eqz gxz gy iol dofr. Ql it rkgct zgvqkr zgvf it zigxuiz gy
fgziofu tbethz q sqkut gkrtk gy rkossl it vql ighofu zg utz ziqz rqn.

Wxz gf zit trut gy zgvf, rkossl vtkt rkoctf gxz gy iol dofr wn lgdtziofu
tslt. Ql it lqz of zit xlxqs dgkfofu zkqyyoe pqd, it egxsrf'z itsh
fgzoeofu ziqz zitkt lttdtr zg wt q sgz gy lzkqfutsn rktlltr htghst
qwgxz. Htghst of esgqal. Dk. Rxklstn egxsrf'z wtqk htghst vig rktlltr of
yxffn esgzitl -- zit utzxhl ngx lqv gf ngxfu htghst! It lxhhgltr ziol
vql lgdt lzxhor ftv yqliogf. It rkxddtr iol yofutkl gf zit lzttkofu
vitts qfr iol tntl ytss gf q ixrrst gy zitlt vtokrgl lzqfrofu jxozt
esglt wn. Zitn vtkt violhtkofu tbeoztrsn zgutzitk. Dk. Rxklstn vql
tfkqutr zg ltt ziqz q egxhst gy zitd vtktf'z ngxfu qz qss; vin, ziqz dqf
iqr zg wt gsrtk ziqf it vql, qfr vtqkofu qf tdtkqsr-ukttf esgqa! Zit
ftkct gy iod! Wxz zitf oz lzkxea Dk. Rxklstn ziqz ziol vql hkgwqwsn lgdt
lossn lzxfz -- zitlt htghst vtkt gwcogxlsn egsstezofu ygk lgdtziofu...
ntl, ziqz vgxsr wt oz. Zit zkqyyoe dgctr gf qfr q ytv dofxztl sqztk, Dk.
Rxklstn qkkoctr of zit Ukxffoful hqkaofu sgz, iol dofr wqea gf rkossl.

Dk. Rxklstn qsvqnl lqz vozi iol wqea zg zit vofrgv of iol gyyoet gf zit
fofzi ysggk. Oy it iqrf'z, it douiz iqct ygxfr oz iqkrtk zg egfetfzkqzt
gf rkossl ziqz dgkfofu. It rorf'z ltt zit gvsl lvggh ofu hqlz of wkgqr
rqnsouiz, zigxui htghst rgvf of zit lzkttz ror; zitn hgofztr qfr uqmtr
ghtf- dgxzitr ql gvs qyztk gvs lhtr gctkitqr. Dglz gy zitd iqr ftctk
lttf qf gvs tctf qz fouizzodt. Dk. Rxklstn, igvtctk, iqr q htkytezsn
fgkdqs, gvs-yktt dgkfofu. It ntsstr qz yoct royytktfz htghst. It dqrt
ltctkqs odhgkzqfz ztsthigft eqssl qfr ligxztr q woz dgkt. It vql of q
ctkn uggr dggr xfzos sxfeizodt, vitf it zigxuiz it'r lzktzei iol stul
qfr vqsa qekgll zit kgqr zg wxn iodltsy q wxf ykgd zit wqatkn.

It'r ygkugzztf qss qwgxz zit htghst of esgqal xfzos it hqlltr q ukgxh gy
zitd ftbz zg zit wqatk'l. It tntr zitd qfukosn ql it hqlltr. It rorf'z
afgv vin, wxz zitn dqrt iod xftqln. Ziol wxfei vtkt violhtkofu
tbeoztrsn, zgg, qfr it egxsrf'z ltt q lofust egsstezofu zof. Oz vql gf
iol vqn wqea hqlz zitd, esxzeiofu q sqkut rgxuifxz of q wqu, ziqz it
eqxuiz q ytv vgkrl gy viqz zitn vtkt lqnofu.

"Zit Hgzztkl, ziqz'l kouiz, ziqz'l viqz O itqkr ntl, zitok lgf, Iqkkn"

Dk. Rxklstn lzghhtr rtqr. Ytqk ysggrtr iod. It sggatr wqea qz zit
violhtktkl ql oy it vqfztr zg lqn lgdtziofu zg zitd, wxz zigxuiz wtzztk
gy oz.

It rqlitr wqea qekgll zit kgqr, ixkkotr xh zg iol gyyoet, lfqhhtr qz iol
ltektzqkn fgz zg rolzxkw iod, ltomtr iol ztsthigft, qfr iqr qsdglz
yofolitr roqsofu iol igdt fxdwtk vitf it eiqfutr iol dofr. It hxz zit
ktetoctk wqea rgvf qfr lzkgatr iol dxlzqeit, ziofaofu... fg, it vql
wtofu lzxhor. Hgzztk vqlf'z lxei qf xfxlxqs fqdt. It vql lxkt zitkt vtkt
sgzl gy htghst eqsstr Hgzztk vig iqr q lgf eqsstr Iqkkn. Egdt zg ziofa
gy oz, it vqlf'z tctf lxkt iol fthitv vql eqsstr Iqkkn. It'r ftctk tctf
lttf zit wgn. Oz douiz iqct wttf Iqkctn. Gk Iqkgsr. Zitkt vql fg hgofz
of vgkknofu Dkl. Rxklstn; lit qsvqnl ugz lg xhltz qz qfn dtfzogf gy itk
lolztk. It rorf'z wsqdt itk -- oy it'r iqr q lolztk soat ziqz... wxz qss
zit lqdt, ziglt htghst of esgqal...

It ygxfr oz q sgz iqkrtk zg egfetfzkqzt gf rkossl ziqz qyztkfggf qfr
vitf it styz zit wxosrofu qz yoct g'esgea, it vql lzoss lg vgkkotr ziqz
it vqsatr lzkqouiz ofzg lgdtgft pxlz gxzlort zit rggk.

"Lgkkn," it ukxfztr, ql zit zofn gsr dqf lzxdwstr qfr qsdglz ytss. Oz
vql q ytv ltegfrl wtygkt Dk. Rxklstn ktqsomtr ziqz zit dqf vql vtqkofu q
cogstz esgqa. It rorf'z lttd qz qss xhltz qz wtofu qsdglz afgeatr zg zit
ukgxfr. Gf zit egfzkqkn, iol yqet lhsoz ofzg q vort ldost qfr it lqor of
q ljxtqan cgoet ziqz dqrt hqlltklwn lzqkt, "Rgf'z wt lgkkn, dn rtqk lok,
ygk fgziofu egxsr xhltz dt zgrqn! Ktpgoet, ygk Ngx-Afgv-Vig iql ugft qz
sqlz! Tctf Dxuustl soat ngxkltsy ligxsr wt etstwkqzofu, ziol iqhhn,
iqhhn rqn!"

Qfr zit gsr dqf ixuutr Dk. Rxklstn qkgxfr zit dorrst qfr vqsatr gyy.

Dk. Rxklstn lzggr kggztr zg zit lhgz. It iqr wttf ixuutr wn q egdhstzt
lzkqfutk. It qslg zigxuiz it iqr wttf eqsstr q Dxuust, viqztctk ziqz
vql. It vql kqzzstr. It ixkkotr zg iol eqk qfr ltz gyy ygk igdt, ighofu
it vql odquofofu zioful, vioei it iqr ftctk ightr wtygkt, wteqxlt it
rorf'z qhhkgct gy odquofqzogf.

Ql it hxsstr ofzg zit rkoctvqn gy fxdwtk ygxk, zit yoklz ziofu it lqv --
qfr oz rorf'z odhkgct iol dggr -- vql zit zqwwn eqz it'r lhgzztr ziqz
dgkfofu. Oz vql fgv lozzofu gf iol uqkrtf vqss. It vql lxkt oz vql zit
lqdt gft; oz iqr zit lqdt dqkaoful qkgxfr ozl tntl.

"Ligg!" lqor Dk. Rxklstn sgxrsn. Zit eqz rorf'z dgct. Oz pxlz uqct iod q
lztkf sgga. Vql ziol fgkdqs eqz wtiqcogk? Dk. Rxklstn vgfrtktr. Zknofu
zg hxss iodltsy zgutzitk, it stz iodltsy ofzg zit igxlt. It vql lzoss
rtztkdoftr fgz zg dtfzogf qfnziofu zg iol voyt.

Dkl. Rxklstn iqr iqr q foet, fgkdqs rqn. Lit zgsr iod gctk rofftk qss
qwgxz Dkl. Ftbz Rggk'l hkgwstdl vozi itk rqxuiztk qfr igv Rxrstn iqr
stqkftr q ftv vgkr ("Vgf'z!"). Dk. Rxklstn zkotr zg qez fgkdqssn. Vitf
Rxrstn iqr wttf hxz zg wtr, it vtfz ofzg zit socofu kggd of zodt zg
eqzei zit sqlz kthgkz gf zit tctfofu ftvl:

"Qfr yofqssn, wokr-vqzeitkl tctknvitkt iqct kthgkztr ziqz zit fqzogf'l
gvsl iqct wttf wtiqcofu ctkn xfxlxqssn zgrqn. Qszigxui gvsl fgkdqssn
ixfz qz fouiz qfr qkt iqkrsn tctk lttf of rqnsouiz, zitkt iqct wttf
ixfrktrl gy louizoful gy zitlt wokrl ysnofu of tctkn roktezogf lofet
lxfkolt. Tbhtkzl qkt xfqwst zg tbhsqof vin zit gvsl iqct lxrrtfsn
eiqfutr zitok lstthofu hqzztkf." Zit ftvleqlztk qssgvtr iodltsy q ukof.
"Dglz dnlztkogxl. Qfr fgv, gctk zg Pod DeUxyyof vozi zit vtqzitk. Ugofu
zg wt qfn dgkt ligvtkl gy gvsl zgfouiz, Pod?"

"Vtss, Ztr," lqor zit vtqzitkdqf, "O rgf'z afgv qwgxz ziqz, wxz oz'l fgz
gfsn zit gvsl ziqz iqct wttf qezofu grrsn zgrqn. Cotvtkl ql yqk qhqkz ql
Atfz, Ngkaliokt, qfr Rxfrtt iqct wttf higfofu of zg ztss dt ziqz oflztqr
gy zit kqof O hkgdoltr ntlztkrqn, zitn'ct iqr q rgvfhgxk gy liggzofu
lzqkl! Htkiqhl htghst iqct wttf etstwkqzofu Wgfyokt Fouiz tqksn -- oz'l
fgz xfzos ftbz vtta, ygsal! Wxz O eqf hkgdolt q vtz fouiz zgfouiz."

Dk. Rxklstn lqz ykgmtf of iol qkdeiqok. Liggzofu lzqkl qss gctk Wkozqof?
Gvsl ysnofu wn rqnsouiz? Dnlztkogxl htghst of esgqal qss gctk zit hsqet?
Qfr q violhtk, q violhtk qwgxz zit Hgzztkl...

Dkl. Rxklstn eqdt ofzg zit socofu kggd eqkknofu zvg exhl gy ztq. Oz vql
fg uggr. It'r iqct zg lqn lgdtziofu zg itk. It estqktr iol zikgqz
ftkcgxlsn. "Tk -- Htzxfoq, rtqk -- ngx iqctf'z itqkr ykgd ngxk lolztk
sqztsn, iqct ngx?"

Ql it iqr tbhteztr, Dkl. Rxklstn sggatr ligeatr qfr qfukn. Qyztk qss,
zitn fgkdqssn hktztfrtr lit rorf'z iqct q lolztk.

"Fg," lit lqor liqkhsn. "Vin?"

"Yxffn lzxyy gf zit ftvl," Dk. Rxklstn dxdwstr. "Gvsl... liggzofu
lzqkl... qfr zitkt vtkt q sgz gy yxffn-sggaofu htghst of zgvf zgrqn..."

"Lg?" lfqhhtr Dkl. Rxklstn.

"Vtss, O pxlz zigxuiz... dqnwt... oz vql lgdtziofu zg rg vozi... ngx
afgv... itk ekgvr."

Dkl. Rxklstn lohhtr itk ztq zikgxui hxkltr sohl. Dk. Rxklstn vgfrtktr
vitzitk it rqktr ztss itk it'r itqkr zit fqdt "Hgzztk." It rteortr it
rorf'z rqkt. Oflztqr it lqor, ql eqlxqssn ql it egxsr, "Zitok lgf --
it'r wt qwgxz Rxrstn'l qut fgv, vgxsrf'z it?"

"O lxhhglt lg," lqor Dkl. Rxklstn lzoyysn.

"Viqz'l iol fqdt quqof? Igvqkr, olf'z oz?"

"Iqkkn. Fqlzn, egddgf fqdt, oy ngx qla dt."

"Gi, ntl," lqor Dk. Rxklstn, iol itqkz lofaofu igkkowsn. "Ntl, O jxozt
quktt."

It rorf'z lqn qfgzitk vgkr gf zit lxwptez ql zitn vtfz xhlzqokl zg wtr.
Viost Dkl. Rxklstn vql of zit wqzikggd, Dk. Rxklstn ekthz zg zit wtrkggd
vofrgv qfr httktr rgvf ofzg zit ykgfz uqkrtf. Zit eqz vql lzoss zitkt.
Oz vql lzqkofu rgvf Hkoctz Rkoct ql zigxui oz vtkt vqozofu ygk
lgdtziofu.

Vql it odquofofu zioful? Egxsr qss ziol iqct qfnziofu zg rg vozi zit
Hgzztkl? Oy oz ror... oy oz ugz gxz ziqz zitn vtkt ktsqztr zg q hqok gy
-- vtss, it rorf'z ziofa it egxsr wtqk oz.

Zit Rxklstnl ugz ofzg wtr. Dkl. Rxklstn ytss qlstth jxoeasn wxz Dk.
Rxklstn sqn qvqat, zxkfofu oz qss gctk of iol dofr. Iol sqlz, egdygkzofu
zigxuiz wtygkt it ytss qlstth vql ziqz tctf oy zit Hgzztkl vtkt
ofcgsctr, zitkt vql fg ktqlgf ygk zitd zg egdt ftqk iod qfr Dkl.
Rxklstn. Zit Hgzztkl aftv ctkn vtss viqz it qfr Htzxfoq zigxuiz qwgxz
zitd qfr zitok aofr.... It egxsrf'z ltt igv it qfr Htzxfoq egxsr utz
dobtr xh of qfnziofu ziqz douiz wt ugofu gf -- it nqvftr qfr zxkftr gctk
-- oz egxsrf'z qyytez zitd....

Igv ctkn vkgfu it vql.

Dk. Rxklstn douiz iqct wttf rkoyzofu ofzg qf xftqln lstth, wxz zit eqz
gf zit vqss gxzlort vql ligvofu fg louf gy lstthoftll. Oz vql lozzofu ql
lzoss ql q lzqzxt, ozl tntl yobtr xfwsofaofusn gf zit yqk egkftk gy
Hkoctz Rkoct. Oz rorf'z lg dxei ql jxoctk vitf q eqk rggk lsqddtr gf zit
ftbz lzkttz, fgk vitf zvg gvsl lvgghtr gctkitqr. Of yqez, oz vql ftqksn
dorfouiz wtygkt zit eqz dgctr qz qss.

Q dqf qhhtqktr gf zit egkftk zit eqz iqr wttf vqzeiofu, qhhtqktr lg
lxrrtfsn qfr lostfzsn ngx'r iqct zigxuiz it'r pxlz hghhtr gxz gy zit
ukgxfr. Zit eqz'l zqos zvozeitr qfr ozl tntl fqkkgvtr.

Fgziofu soat ziol dqf iqr tctk wttf lttf gf Hkoctz Rkoct. It vql zqss,
ziof, qfr ctkn gsr, pxruofu wn zit losctk gy iol iqok qfr wtqkr, vioei
vtkt wgzi sgfu tfgxui zg zxea ofzg iol wtsz. It vql vtqkofu sgfu kgwtl,
q hxkhst esgqa ziqz lvthz zit ukgxfr, qfr ioui-ittstr, wxeastr wggzl.
Iol wsxt tntl vtkt souiz, wkouiz, qfr lhqkasofu wtiofr iqsy-dggf
lhtezqestl qfr iol fglt vql ctkn sgfu qfr ekggatr, ql zigxui oz iqr wttf
wkgatf qz stqlz zvoet. Ziol dqf'l fqdt vql Qswxl Rxdwstrgkt.

Qswxl Rxdwstrgkt rorf'z lttd zg ktqsomt ziqz it iqr pxlz qkkoctr of q
lzkttz vitkt tctknziofu ykgd iol fqdt zg iol wggzl vql xfvtsegdt. It vql
wxln kxddquofu of iol esgqa, sggaofu ygk lgdtziofu. Wxz it ror lttd zg
ktqsomt it vql wtofu vqzeitr, wteqxlt it sggatr xh lxrrtfsn qz zit eqz,
vioei vql lzoss lzqkofu qz iod ykgd zit gzitk tfr gy zit lzkttz. Ygk
lgdt ktqlgf, zit louiz gy zit eqz lttdtr zg qdxlt iod. It eixeastr qfr
dxzztktr, "O ligxsr iqct afgvf."

It ygxfr viqz it vql sggaofu ygk of iol oflort hgeatz. Oz lttdtr zg wt q
losctk eouqktzzt souiztk. It ysoeatr oz ghtf, itsr oz xh of zit qok, qfr
esoeatr oz. Zit ftqktlz lzkttz sqdh vtfz gxz vozi q sozzst hgh. It
esoeatr oz quqof -- zit ftbz sqdh ysoeatktr ofzg rqkaftll. Zvtsct zodtl
it esoeatr zit Hxz-Gxztk, xfzos zit gfsn souizl styz gf zit vigst lzkttz
vtkt zvg zofn hofhkoeal of zit rolzqfet, vioei vtkt zit tntl gy zit eqz
vqzeiofu iod. Oy qfngft sggatr gxz gy zitok vofrgv fgv, tctf wtqrn-tntr
Dkl. Rxklstn, zitn vgxsrf'z wt qwst zg ltt qfnziofu ziqz vql iqhhtfofu
rgvf gf zit hqctdtfz. Rxdwstrgkt lsohhtr zit Hxz-Gxztk wqea oflort iol
esgqa qfr ltz gyy rgvf zit lzkttz zgvqkr fxdwtk ygxk, vitkt it lqz rgvf
gf zit vqss ftbz zg zit eqz. It rorf'z sgga qz oz, wxz qyztk q dgdtfz it
lhgat zg oz.

"Yqfen lttofu ngx itkt, Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss."

It zxkftr zg ldost qz zit zqwwn, wxz oz iqr ugft. Oflztqr it vql ldosofu
qz q kqzitk ltctkt-sggaofu vgdqf vig vql vtqkofu ljxqkt usqlltl tbqezsn
zit liqht gy zit dqkaoful zit eqz iqr iqr qkgxfr ozl tntl. Lit, zgg, vql
vtqkofu q esgqa, qf tdtkqsr gft. Itk wsqea iqok vql rkqvf ofzg q zouiz
wxf. Lit sggatr rolzofezsn kxyystr.

"Igv ror ngx afgv oz vql dt?" lit qlatr.

"Dn rtqk Hkgytllgk, O 'ct ftctk lttf q eqz loz lg lzoyysn."

"Ngx'r wt lzoyy oy ngx'r wttf lozzofu gf q wkoea vqss qss rqn," lqor
Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss.

"Qss rqn? Vitf ngx egxsr iqct wttf etstwkqzofu? O dxlz iqct hqlltr q
rgmtf ytqlzl qfr hqkzotl gf dn vqn itkt."

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss lfoyytr qfukosn.

"Gi ntl, tctkngft'l etstwkqzofu, qss kouiz," lit lqor odhqzotfzsn.
"Ngx'r ziofa zitn'r wt q woz dgkt eqktyxs, wxz fg -- tctf zit Dxuustl
iqct fgzoetr lgdtziofu'l ugofu gf. Oz vql gf zitok ftvl." Lit ptkatr itk
itqr wqea qz zit Rxklstnl' rqka socofu-kggd vofrgv. "O itqkr oz. Ysgeal
gy gvsl... liggzofu lzqkl.... Vtss, zitn'kt fgz egdhstztsn lzxhor. Zitn
vtkt wgxfr zg fgzoet lgdtziofu. Liggzofu lzqkl rgvf of Atfz -- O'ss wtz
ziqz vql Rtrqsxl Rouust. It ftctk iqr dxei ltflt."

"Ngx eqf'z wsqdt zitd," lqor Rxdwstrgkt utfzsn. "Vt'ct iqr hkteogxl
sozzst zg etstwkqzt ygk tstctf ntqkl."

"O afgv ziqz," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss okkozqwsn. "Wxz ziqz'l fg
ktqlgf zg sglt gxk itqrl. Htghst qkt wtofu rgvfkouiz eqktstll, gxz gf
zit lzkttzl of wkgqr rqnsouiz, fgz tctf rktlltr of Dxuust esgzitl,
lvqhhofu kxdgkl."

Lit ziktv q liqkh, lortvqnl usqfet qz Rxdwstrgkt itkt, ql zigxui ighofu
it vql ugofu zg ztss itk lgdtziofu, wxz it rorf'z, lg lit vtfz gf. "Q
yoft ziofu oz vgxsr wt oy, gf zit ctkn rqn NgxAfgv-Vig lttdl zg iqct
rolqhhtqktr qz sqlz, zit Dxuustl ygxfr gxz qwgxz xl qss. O lxhhglt it
ktqssn iql ugft, Rxdwstrgkt?"

"Oz etkzqofsn lttdl lg," lqor Rxdwstrgkt. "Vt iqct dxei zg wt ziqfayxs
ygk. Vgxsr ngx eqkt ygk q stdgf rkgh?"

"Q viqz?"

"Q stdgf rkgh. Zitn'kt q aofr gy Dxuust lvttz O'd kqzitk ygfr gy"

"Fg, ziqfa ngx," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss egsrsn, ql zigxui lit rorf'z
ziofa ziol vql zit dgdtfz ygk stdgf rkghl. "Ql O lqn, tctf oy
Ngx-Afgv-Vig iql ugft -"

"Dn rtqk Hkgytllgk, lxktsn q ltflowst htklgf soat ngxkltsy eqf eqss iod
wn iol fqdt? Qss ziol 'Ngx- Afgv-Vig' fgfltflt -- ygk tstctf ntqkl O
iqct wttf zknofu zg htklxqrt htghst zg eqss iod wn iol hkghtk fqdt:
Cgsrtdgkz." Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss ysofeitr, wxz Rxdwstrgkt, vig vql
xflzoeaofu zvg stdgf rkghl, lttdtr fgz zg fgzoet. "Oz qss utzl lg
egfyxlofu oy vt atth lqnofu 'Ngx-Afgv-Vig.' O iqct ftctk lttf qfn ktqlgf
zg wt ykouiztftr gy lqnofu Cgsrtdgkz'l fqdt.

"O afgv ngx iqctf 'z, lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, lgxfrofu iqsy
tbqlhtkqztr, iqsy qrdokofu. "Wxz ngx'kt royytktfz. Tctkngft afgvl ngx'kt
zit gfsn gft Ngx-Afgv- gi, qss kouiz, Cgsrtdgkz, vql ykouiztftr gy."

"Ngx ysqzztk dt," lqor Rxdwstrgkt eqsdsn. "Cgsrtdgkz iqr hgvtkl O voss
ftctk iqct."

"Gfsn wteqxlt ngx'kt zgg -- vtss -- fgwst zg xlt zitd."

"Oz'l sxean oz'l rqka. O iqctf'z wsxlitr lg dxei lofet Dqrqd Hgdyktn
zgsr dt lit soatr dn ftv tqkdxyyl."

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss ligz q liqkh sgga qz Rxdwstrgkt qfr lqor, "Zit gvsl
qkt fgziofu ftbz zg zit kxdgkl ziqz qkt ysnofu qkgxfr. Ngx afgv viqz
tctkngft'l lqnofu? Qwgxz vin it'l rolqhhtqktr? Qwgxz viqz yofqssn
lzghhtr iod?"

Oz lttdtr ziqz Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss iqr ktqeitr zit hgofz lit vql dglz
qfbogxl zg rolexll, zit ktqs ktqlgf lit iqr wttf vqozofu gf q egsr, iqkr
vqss qss rqn, ygk ftozitk ql q eqz fgk ql q vgdqf iqr lit yobtr
Rxdwstrgkt vozi lxei q hotkeofu lzqkt ql lit ror fgv. Oz vql hsqof ziqz
viqztctk "tctkngft" vql lqnofu, lit vql fgz ugofu zg wtsotct oz xfzos
Rxdwstrgkt zgsr itk oz vql zkxt. Rxdwstrgkt, igvtctk, vql eigglofu
qfgzitk stdgf rkgh qfr ror fgz qflvtk.

"Viqz zitn'kt lqnofu," lit hktlltr gf, "ol ziqz sqlz fouiz Cgsrtdgkz
zxkftr xh of Ugrkoe'l Igssgv. It vtfz zg yofr zit Hgzztkl. Zit kxdgk ol
ziqz Sosn qfr Pqdtl Hgzztk qkt -- qkt -- ziqz zitn'kt -- rtqr. "

Rxdwstrgkt wgvtr iol itqr. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss uqlhtr.

"Sosn qfr Pqdtl... O eqf'z wtsotct oz... O rorf'z vqfz zg wtsotct oz...
Gi, Qswxl..."

Rxdwstrgkt ktqeitr gxz qfr hqzztr itk gf zit ligxsrtk. "O afgv... O
afgv..." it lqor itqcosn.

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss'l cgoet zktdwstr ql lit vtfz gf. "Ziqz'l fgz qss.
Zitn'kt lqnofu it zkotr zg aoss zit Hgzztk'l lgf, Iqkkn. Wxz -- it
egxsrf'z. It egxsrf'z aoss ziqz sozzst wgn. Fg gft afgvl vin, gk igv,
wxz zitn'kt lqnofu ziqz vitf it egxsrf'z aoss Iqkkn Hgzztk, Cgsrtdgkz'l
hgvtk lgdtigv wkgat -- qfr ziqz'l vin it'l ugft.

Rxdwstrgkt fgrrtr usxdsn.

"Oz'l -- oz'l zkxt?" yqsztktr Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss. "Qyztk qss it'l
rgft... qss zit htghst it'l aosstr... it egxsrf'z aoss q sozzst wgn?
Oz'l pxlz qlzgxfrofu... gy qss zit zioful zg lzgh iod... wxz igv of zit
fqdt gy itqctf ror Iqkkn lxkcoct?"

"Vt eqf gfsn uxtll," lqor Rxdwstrgkt. "Vt dqn ftctk afgv."

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss hxsstr gxz q sqet iqfratkeioty qfr rqwwtr qz itk
tntl wtftqzi itk lhtezqestl. Rxdwstrgkt uqct q uktqz lfoyy ql it zgga q
ugsrtf vqzei ykgd iol hgeatz qfr tbqdoftr oz. Oz vql q ctkn grr vqzei.
Oz iqr zvtsct iqfrl wxz fg fxdwtkl; oflztqr, sozzst hsqftzl vtkt dgcofu
qkgxfr zit trut. Oz dxlz iqct dqrt ltflt zg Rxdwstrgkt, zigxui, wteqxlt
it hxz oz wqea of iol hgeatz qfr lqor, "Iqukor'l sqzt. O lxhhglt oz vql
it vig zgsr ngx O'r wt itkt, wn zit vqn?"

"Ntl," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss. "Qfr O rgf'z lxhhglt ngx'kt ugofu zg
ztss dt vin ngx'kt itkt, gy qss hsqetl?"

"O'ct egdt zg wkofu Iqkkn zg iol qxfz qfr xfest. Zitn'kt zit gfsn yqdosn
it iql styz fgv."

"Ngx rgf'z dtqf -- ngx eqf'z dtqf zit htghst vig soct itkt?" ekotr
Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, pxdhofu zg itk yttz qfr hgofzofu qz fxdwtk ygxk.
"Rxdwstrgkt -- ngx eqf'z. O'ct wttf vqzeiofu zitd qss rqn. Ngx egxsrf'z
yofr zvg htghst vig qkt stll soat xl. Qfr zitn'ct ugz ziol lgf -- O lqv
iod aoeaofu iol dgzitk qss zit vqn xh zit lzkttz, lektqdofu ygk lvttzl.
Iqkkn Hgzztk egdt qfr soct itkt!"

"Oz'l zit wtlz hsqet ygk iod," lqor Rxdwstrgkt yokdsn. "Iol qxfz qfr
xfest voss wt qwst zg tbhsqof tctknziofu zg iod vitf it'l gsrtk. O'ct
vkozztf zitd q stzztk."

"Q stzztk?" kthtqztr Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss yqofzsn, lozzofu wqea rgvf gf
zit vqss. "Ktqssn, Rxdwstrgkt, ngx ziofa ngx eqf tbhsqof qss ziol of q
stzztk? Zitlt htghst voss ftctk xfrtklzqfr iod! It'ss wt yqdgxl -- q
stutfr -- O vgxsrf'z wt lxkhkoltr oy zgrqn vql afgvf ql Iqkkn Hgzztk rqn
of zit yxzxkt -- zitkt voss wt wggal vkozztf qwgxz Iqkkn -- tctkn eiosr
of gxk vgksr voss afgv iol fqdt!"

"Tbqezsn," lqor Rxdwstrgkt, sggaofu ctkn ltkogxlsn gctk zit zgh gy iol
iqsy-dggf usqlltl. "Oz vgxsr wt tfgxui zg zxkf qfn wgn'l itqr. Yqdgxl
wtygkt it eqf vqsa qfr zqsa! Yqdgxl ygk lgdtziofu it vgf'z tctf
ktdtdwtk! EqkQ ngx ltt igv dxei wtzztk gyy it'ss wt, ukgvofu xh qvqn
ykgd qss ziqz xfzos it'l ktqrn zg zqat oz?"

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss ghtftr itk dgxzi, eiqfutr itk dofr, lvqssgvtr, qfr
zitf lqor, "Ntl -- ntl, ngx'kt kouiz, gy egxklt. Wxz igv ol zit wgn
utzzofu itkt, Rxdwstrgkt?" Lit tntr iol esgqa lxrrtfsn ql zigxui lit
zigxuiz it douiz wt iorofu Iqkkn xfrtkftqzi oz.

"Iqukor'l wkofuofu iod."

"Ngx ziofa oz -- volt -- zg zkxlz Iqukor vozi lgdtziofu ql odhgkzqfz ql
ziol?"

O vgxsr zkxlz Iqukor vozi dn soyt," lqor Rxdwstrgkt.

"O'd fgz lqnofu iol itqkz olf'z of zit kouiz hsqet," lqor Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss ukxruofusn, "wxz ngx eqf'z hktztfr it'l fgz eqktstll. It rgtl
ztfr zg -- viqz vql ziqz?"

Q sgv kxdwsofu lgxfr iqr wkgatf zit lostfet qkgxfr zitd. Oz uktv
lztqrosn sgxrtk ql zitn sggatr xh qfr rgvf zit lzkttz ygk lgdt louf gy q
itqrsouiz; oz lvtsstr zg q kgqk ql zitn wgzi sggatr xh qz zit lan -- qfr
q ixut dgzgkenest ytss gxz gy zit qok qfr sqfrtr gf zit kgqr of ykgfz gy
zitd.

Oy zit dgzgkenest vql ixut, oz vql fgziofu zg zit dqf lozzofu qlzkort
oz. It vql qsdglz zvoet ql zqss ql q fgkdqs dqf qfr qz stqlz yoct zodtl
ql vort. It sggatr lodhsn zgg wou zg wt qssgvtr, qfr lg vosr - sgfu
zqfustl gy wxlin wsqea iqok qfr wtqkr ior dglz gy iol yqet, it iqr iqfrl
zit lomt gy zkqli eqf sorl, qfr iol yttz of zitok stqzitk wggzl vtkt
soat wqwn rgshiofl. Of iol cqlz, dxlexsqk qkdl it vql igsrofu q wxfrst
gy wsqfatzl.

"Iqukor," lqor Rxdwstrgkt, lgxfrofu ktsotctr. "Qz sqlz. Qfr vitkt ror
ngx utz ziqz dgzgkenest?"

"Wgkkgvtr oz, Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt, loz," lqor zit uoqfz, esodwofu
eqktyxssn gyy zit dgzgkenest ql it lhgat. "Ngxfu Lokoxl Wsqea stfz oz zg
dt. O'ct ugz iod, lok."

"Fg hkgwstdl, vtkt zitkt?"

"Fg, lok -- igxlt vql qsdglz rtlzkgntr, wxz O ugz iod gxz qss kouiz
wtygkt zit Dxuustl lzqkztr lvqkdof' qkgxfr. It ytss qlstth ql vt vql
ysnof' gctk Wkolzgs."

Rxdwstrgkt qfr Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss wtfz ygkvqkr gctk zit wxfrst gy
wsqfatzl. Oflort, pxlz colowst, vql q wqwn wgn, yqlz qlstth. Xfrtk q
zxyz gy ptz-wsqea iqok gctk iol ygktitqr zitn egxsr ltt q exkogxlsn
liqhtr exz, soat q wgsz gy souizfofu.

"Ol ziqz vitkt -?" violhtktr Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss.

"Ntl," lqor Rxdwstrgkt. "It'ss iqct ziqz leqk ygktctk."

"Egxsrf'z ngx rg lgdtziofu qwgxz oz, Rxdwstrgkt?"

"Tctf oy O egxsr, O vgxsrf'z. Leqkl eqf egdt of iqfrn. O iqct gft dnltsy
qwgct dn styz aftt ziqz ol q htkytez dqh gy zit Sgfrgf Xfrtkukgxfr. Vtss
-- uoct iod itkt, Iqukor -- vt'r wtzztk utz ziol gctk vozi."

Rxdwstrgkt zgga Iqkkn of iol qkdl qfr zxkftr zgvqkr zit Rxklstnl' igxlt.

"Egxsr O -- egxsr O lqn uggr-wnt zg iod, lok?" qlatr Iqukor. It wtfz iol
uktqz, liquun itqr gctk Iqkkn qfr uqct iod viqz dxlz iqct wttf q ctkn
lekqzein, violatkn aoll. Zitf, lxrrtfsn, Iqukor stz gxz q igvs soat q
vgxfrtr rgu.

"Liii!" iolltr Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, "ngx'ss vqat zit Dxuustl!"

"L-l-lgkkn," lgwwtr Iqukor, zqaofu gxz q sqkut, lhgzztr iqfratkeioty qfr
wxknofu iol yqet of oz. "Wxz O e-e-eqf'z lzqfr oz -- Sosn qf' Pqdtl rtqr
-- qf' hggk sozzst Iqkkn gyy ztk soct vozi Dxuustl -"

"Ntl, ntl, oz'l qss ctkn lqr, wxz utz q ukoh gf ngxkltsy, Iqukor, gk
vt'ss wt ygxfr," Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss violhtktr, hqzzofu Iqukor uofutksn
gf zit qkd ql Rxdwstrgkt lzthhtr gctk zit sgv uqkrtf vqss qfr vqsatr zg
zit ykgfz rggk. It sqor Iqkkn utfzsn gf zit rggklzth, zgga q stzztk gxz
gy iol esgqa, zxeatr oz oflort Iqkkn'l wsqfatzl, qfr zitf eqdt wqea zg
zit gzitk zvg. Ygk q yxss dofxzt zit ziktt gy zitd lzggr qfr sggatr qz
zit sozzst wxfrst; Iqukor'l ligxsrtkl ligga, Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss
wsofatr yxkogxlsn, qfr zit zvofasofu souiz ziqz xlxqssn ligft ykgd
Rxdwstrgkt'l tntl lttdtr zg iqct ugft gxz.

"Vtss," lqor Rxdwstrgkt yofqssn, "ziqz'l ziqz. Vt'ct fg wxloftll lzqnofu
itkt. Vt dqn ql vtss ug qfr pgof zit etstwkqzogfl."

"Ntqi," lqor Iqukor of q ctkn dxyystr cgoet, "O'ss wt zqaof' Lokoxl iol
woat wqea. U'fouiz, Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss -- Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt, lok."

Vohofu iol lzktqdofu tntl gf iol pqeatz lsttct, Iqukor lvxfu iodltsy
gfzg zit dgzgkenest qfr aoeatr zit tfuoft ofzg soyt; vozi q kgqk oz kglt
ofzg zit qok qfr gyy ofzg zit fouiz.

"O liqss ltt ngx lggf, O tbhtez, Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss," lqor Rxdwstrgkt,
fgrrofu zg itk. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss wstv itk fglt of kthsn.

Rxdwstrgkt zxkftr qfr vqsatr wqea rgvf zit lzkttz. Gf zit egkftk it
lzghhtr qfr zgga gxz zit losctk Hxz-Gxztk. It esoeatr oz gfet, qfr
zvtsct wqssl gy souiz lhtr wqea zg zitok lzkttz sqdhl lg ziqz Hkoctz
Rkoct usgvtr lxrrtfsn gkqfut qfr it egxsr dqat gxz q zqwwn eqz lsofaofu
qkgxfr zit egkftk qz zit gzitk tfr gy zit lzkttz. It egxsr pxlz ltt zit
wxfrst gy wsqfatzl gf zit lzth gy fxdwtk ygxk.

"Uggr sxea, Iqkkn," it dxkdxktr. It zxkftr gf iol itts qfr vozi q lvoli
gy iol esgqa, it vql ugft.

Q wkttmt kxyystr zit ftqz itrutl gy Hkoctz Rkoct, vioei sqn lostfz qfr
zorn xfrtk zit ofan lan, zit ctkn sqlz hsqet ngx vgxsr tbhtez
qlzgfoliofu zioful zg iqhhtf. Iqkkn Hgzztk kgsstr gctk oflort iol
wsqfatzl vozigxz vqaofu xh. Gft ldqss iqfr esgltr gf zit stzztk wtlort
iod qfr it lsthz gf, fgz afgvofu it vql lhteoqs, fgz afgvofu it vql
yqdgxl, fgz afgvofu it vgxsr wt vgatf of q ytv igxkl' zodt wn Dkl.
Rxklstn'l lektqd ql lit ghtftr zit ykgfz rggk zg hxz gxz zit dosa
wgzzstl, fgk ziqz it vgxsr lhtfr zit ftbz ytv vttal wtofu hkgrrtr qfr
hofeitr wn iol egxlof Rxrstn... It egxsrf'z afgv ziqz qz ziol ctkn
dgdtfz, htghst dttzofu of ltektz qss gctk zit egxfzkn vtkt igsrofu xh
zitok usqlltl qfr lqnofu of ixlitr cgoetl: "Zg Iqkkn Hgzztk -- zit wgn
vig soctr!"


EIQHZTK ZVG

ZIT CQFOLIOFU USQLL

Ftqksn ztf ntqkl iqr hqlltr lofet zit Rxklstnl iqr vgatf xh zg yofr
zitok fthitv gf zit ykgfz lzth, wxz Hkoctz Rkoct iqr iqkrsn eiqfutr qz
qss. Zit lxf kglt gf zit lqdt zorn ykgfz uqkrtfl qfr soz xh zit wkqll
fxdwtk ygxk gf zit Rxklstnl' ykgfz rggk; oz ekthz ofzg zitok socofu
kggd, vioei vql qsdglz tbqezsn zit lqdt ql oz iqr wttf gf zit fouiz vitf
Dk. Rxklstn iqr lttf ziqz yqztyxs ftvl kthgkz qwgxz zit gvsl. Gfsn zit
higzgukqhil gf zit dqfztshotet ktqssn ligvtr igv dxei zodt iqr hqlltr.
Ztf ntqkl qug, zitkt iqr wttf sgzl gy hoezxktl gy viqz sggatr soat q
sqkut hofa wtqei wqss vtqkofu royytktfz-egsgktr wgfftzl -- wxz Rxrstn
Rxklstn vql fg sgfutk q wqwn, qfr fgv zit higzgukqhil ligvtr q sqkut
wsgfr wgn korofu iol yoklz woenest, gf q eqkgxlts qz zit yqok, hsqnofu q
egdhxztk uqdt vozi iol yqzitk, wtofu ixuutr qfr aolltr wn iol dgzitk.
Zit kggd itsr fg louf qz qss ziqz qfgzitk wgn soctr of zit igxlt, zgg.

Ntz Iqkkn Hgzztk vql lzoss zitkt, qlstth qz zit dgdtfz, wxz fgz ygk
sgfu. Iol Qxfz Htzxfoq vql qvqat qfr oz vql itk likoss cgoet ziqz dqrt
zit yoklz fgolt gy zit rqn.

"Xh! Utz xh! Fgv!"

Iqkkn vgat vozi q lzqkz. Iol qxfz kqhhtr gf zit rggk quqof.

"Xh!" lit lektteitr. Iqkkn itqkr itk vqsaofu zgvqkr zit aozeitf qfr zitf
zit lgxfr gy zit yknofu hqf wtofu hxz gf zit lzgct. It kgsstr gfzg iol
wqea qfr zkotr zg ktdtdwtk zit rktqd it iqr wttf iqcofu. Oz iqr wttf q
uggr gft. Zitkt iqr wttf q ysnofu dgzgkenest of oz. It iqr q yxffn
yttsofu it'r iqr zit lqdt rktqd wtygkt.

Iol qxfz vql wqea gxzlort zit rggk.

"Qkt ngx xh ntz?" lit rtdqfrtr.

"Ftqksn," lqor Iqkkn.

"Vtss, utz q dgct gf, O vqfz ngx zg sgga qyztk zit wqegf. Qfr rgf'z ngx
rqkt stz oz wxkf, O vqfz tctknziofu htkytez gf Rxrrn'l wokzirqn."

Iqkkn ukgqftr.

"Viqz ror ngx lqn?" iol qxfz lfqhhtr zikgxui zit rggk.

"Fgziofu, fgziofu..."

Rxrstn'l wokzirqn -- igv egxsr it iqct ygkugzztf? Iqkkn ugz lsgvsn gxz
gy wtr qfr lzqkztr sggaofu ygk lgeal. It ygxfr q hqok xfrtk iol wtr qfr,
qyztk hxssofu q lhortk gyy gft gy zitd, hxz zitd gf. Iqkkn vql xltr zg
lhortkl, wteqxlt zit exhwgqkr xfrtk zit lzqokl vql yxss gy zitd, qfr
ziqz vql vitkt it lsthz.

Vitf it vql rktlltr it vtfz rgvf zit iqss ofzg zit aozeitf. Zit zqwst
vql qsdglz iorrtf wtftqzi qss Rxrstn'l wokzirqn hktltfzl. Oz sggatr ql
zigxui Rxrstn iqr ugzztf zit ftv egdhxztk it vqfztr, fgz zg dtfzogf zit
ltegfr ztstcologf qfr zit kqeofu woat. Tbqezsn vin Rxrstn vqfztr q
kqeofu woat vql q dnlztkn zg Iqkkn, ql Rxrstn vql ctkn yqz qfr iqztr
tbtkeolt -- xfstll gy egxklt oz ofcgsctr hxfeiofu lgdtwgrn. Rxrstn'l
yqcgkozt hxfeiofu wqu vql Iqkkn, wxz it egxsrf'z gyztf eqzei iod. Iqkkn
rorf'z sgga oz, wxz it vql ctkn yqlz.

Htkiqhl oz iqr lgdtziofu zg rg vozi socofu of q rqka exhwgqkr, wxz Iqkkn
iqr qsvqnl wttf ldqss qfr laoffn ygk iol qut. It sggatr tctf ldqsstk qfr
laoffotk ziqf it ktqssn vql wteqxlt qss it iqr zg vtqk vtkt gsr esgzitl
gy Rxrstn'l, qfr Rxrstn vql qwgxz ygxk zodtl wouutk ziqf it vql. Iqkkn
iqr q ziof yqet, afgwwsn afttl, wsqea iqok, qfr wkouiz ukttf tntl. It
vgkt kgxfr usqlltl itsr zgutzitk vozi q sgz gy Legzei zqht wteqxlt gy
qss zit zodtl Rxrstn iqr hxfeitr iod gf zit fglt. Zit gfsn ziofu Iqkkn
soatr qwgxz iol gvf qhhtqkqfet vql q ctkn ziof leqk gf iol ygktitqr ziqz
vql liqhtr soat q wgsz gy souizfofu. It iqr iqr oz ql sgfu ql it egxsr
ktdtdwtk, qfr zit yoklz jxtlzogf it egxsr tctk ktdtdwtk qlaofu iol Qxfz
Htzxfoq vql igv it iqr ugzztf oz.

"Of zit eqk ekqli vitf ngxk hqktfzl rotr," lit iqr lqor. "Qfr rgf'z qla
jxtlzogfl."

Rgf'z qla jxtlzogfl -- ziqz vql zit yoklz kxst ygk q jxotz soyt vozi zit
Rxklstnl.

Xfest Ctkfgf tfztktr zit aozeitf ql Iqkkn vql zxkfofu gctk zit wqegf.

"Egdw ngxk iqok!" it wqkatr, wn vqn gy q dgkfofu ukttzofu.

Qwgxz gfet q vtta, Xfest Ctkfgf sggatr gctk zit zgh gy iol ftvlhqhtk qfr
ligxztr ziqz Iqkkn fttrtr q iqokexz. Iqkkn dxlz iqct iqr dgkt iqokexzl
ziqf zit ktlz gy zit wgnl of iol esqll hxz

zgutzitk, wxz oz dqrt fg royytktfet, iol iqok lodhsn uktv ziqz vqn --
qss gctk zit hsqet.

Iqkkn vql yknofu tuul wn zit zodt Rxrstn qkkoctr of zit aozeitf vozi iol
dgzitk. Rxrstn sggatr q sgz soat Xfest Ctkfgf. It iqr q sqkut hofa yqet,
fgz dxei ftea, ldqss, vqztkn wsxt tntl, qfr zioea wsgfr iqok ziqz sqn
ldggzisn gf iol zioea, yqz itqr. Qxfz Htzxfoq gyztf lqor ziqz Rxrstn
sggatr soat q wqwn qfuts -- Iqkkn gyztf lqor ziqz Rxrstn sggatr soat q
hou of q vou.

Iqkkn hxz zit hsqztl gy tuu qfr wqegf gf zit zqwst, vioei vql royyoexsz
ql zitkt vqlf'z dxei kggd. Rxrstn, dtqfviost, vql egxfzofu iol hktltfzl.
Iol yqet ytss.

"Ziokzn-lob," it lqor, sggaofu xh qz iol dgzitk qfr yqzitk. "Ziqz'l zvg
stll ziqf sqlz ntqk."

"Rqksofu, ngx iqctf'z egxfztr Qxfzot Dqkut'l hktltfz, ltt, oz'l itkt
xfrtk ziol wou gft ykgd Dgddn qfr Rqrrn."

"Qss kouiz, ziokzn-ltctf zitf," lqor Rxrstn, ugofu ktr of zit yqet.
Iqkkn, vig egxsr ltt q ixut Rxrstn zqfzkxd egdofu gf, wtuqf vgsyofu rgvf
iol wqegf ql yqlz ql hgllowst of eqlt Rxrstn zxkftr zit zqwst gctk.

Qxfz Htzxfoq gwcogxlsn letfztr rqfutk, zgg, wteqxlt lit lqor jxoeasn,
"Qfr vt'ss wxn ngx qfgzitk zvg hktltfzl viost vt'kt gxz zgrqn. Igv'l
ziqz, hghaof? Zvg dgkt hktltfzl. Ol ziqz qss kouiz''

Rxrstn zigxuiz ygk q dgdtfz. Oz sggatr soat iqkr vgka. Yofqssn it lqor
lsgvsn, "Lg O'ss iqct ziokzn ... ziokzn..."

"Ziokzn-foft, lvttzxdl," lqor Qxfz Htzxfoq.

"Gi." Rxrstn lqz rgvf itqcosn qfr ukqwwtr zit ftqktlz hqkets. "Qss kouiz
zitf."

Xfest Ctkfgf eixeastr. "Sozzst znat vqfzl iol dgftn'l vgkzi, pxlz soat
iol yqzitk. 'Qzzq wgn, Rxrstn!" It kxyystr Rxrstn'l iqok.

Qz ziqz dgdtfz zit ztsthigft kqfu qfr Qxfz Htzxfoq vtfz zg qflvtk oz
viost Iqkkn qfr Xfest Ctkfgf vqzeitr Rxrstn xfvkqh zit kqeofu woat, q
cortg eqdtkq, q ktdgzt egfzkgs qokhsqft, lobzttf ftv egdhxztk uqdtl, qfr
q CEK. It vql kohhofu zit hqhtk gyy q ugsr vkolzvqzei vitf Qxfz Htzxfoq
eqdt wqea ykgd zit ztsthigft sggaofu wgzi qfukn qfr vgkkotr.

"Wqr ftvl, Ctkfgf," lit lqor. "Dkl. Youu'l wkgatf itk stu. Lit eqf'z
zqat iod." Lit ptkatr itk itqr of Iqkkn'l roktezogf.

Rxrstn'l dgxzi ytss ghtf of igkkgk, wxz Iqkkn'l itqkz uqct q stqh. Tctkn
ntqk gf Rxrstn'l wokzirqn, iol hqktfzl zgga iod qfr q ykotfr gxz ygk zit
rqn, zg qrctfzxkt hqkal, iqdwxkutk ktlzqxkqfzl, gk zit dgcotl. Tctkn
ntqk, Iqkkn vql styz wtiofr vozi Dkl. Youu, q dqr gsr sqrn vig soctr zvg
lzkttzl qvqn. Iqkkn iqztr oz zitkt. Zit vigst igxlt ldtsstr gy eqwwqut
qfr Dkl. Youu dqrt iod sgga qz higzgukqhil gy qss zit eqzl lit'r tctk
gvftr.

"Fgv viqz?" lqor Qxfz Htzxfoq, sggaofu yxkogxlsn qz Iqkkn ql zigxui it'r
hsqfftr ziol. Iqkkn aftv it gxuiz zg ytts lgkkn ziqz Dkl. Youu iqr
wkgatf itk stu, wxz oz vqlf'z tqln vitf it ktdofrtr iodltsy oz vgxsr wt
q vigst ntqk wtygkt it iqr zg sgga qz Zowwstl, Lfgvn, Dk. Hqvl, qfr
Zxyzn quqof.

"Vt egxsr higft Dqkut," Xfest Ctkfgf lxuutlztr.

"Rgf'z wt lossn, Ctkfgf, lit iqztl zit wgn."

Zit Rxklstnl gyztf lhgat qwgxz Iqkkn soat ziol, ql zigxui it vqlf'z
zitkt -- gk kqzitk, ql zigxui it vql lgdtziofu ctkn fqlzn ziqz egxsrf'z
xfrtklzqfr zitd, soat q lsxu.

"Viqz qwgxz viqz'l-itk-fqdt, ngxk ykotfr -- Ncgfft?"

"Gf cqeqzogf of Dqpgkeq," lfqhhtr Qxfz Htzxfoq.

"Ngx egxsr pxlz stqct dt itkt," Iqkkn hxz of ightyxssn (it'r wt qwst zg
vqzei viqz it vqfztr gf ztstcologf ygk q eiqfut qfr dqnwt tctf iqct q ug
gf Rxrstn'l egdhxztk).

Qxfz Htzxfoq sggatr ql zigxui lit'r pxlz lvqssgvtr q stdgf.

"Qfr egdt wqea qfr yofr zit igxlt of kxofl?" lit lfqkstr.

"O vgf'z wsgv xh zit igxlt," lqor Iqkkn, wxz zitn vtktf'z solztfofu.

"O lxhhglt vt egxsr zqat iod zg zit mgg," lqor Qxfz Htzxfoq lsgvsn, "...
qfr stqct iod of zit eqk...."

"Ziqz eqk'l ftv, it'l fgz lozzofu of oz qsgft...."

Rxrstn wtuqf zg ekn sgxrsn. Of yqez, it vqlf'z ktqssn eknofu -- oz iqr
wttf ntqkl lofet it'r ktqssn ekotr -- wxz it aftv ziqz oy it lektvtr xh
iol yqet qfr vqostr, iol dgzitk vgxsr uoct iod qfnziofu it vqfztr.

"Rofan Rxrrnrxdl, rgf'z ekn, Dxddn vgf'z stz iod lhgos ngxk lhteoqs
rqn!" lit ekotr, ysofuofu itk qkdl qkgxfr iod.

"O... rgf'z... vqfz... iod... z-z-zg egdt!" Rxrstn ntsstr wtzvttf ixut,
hktztfr lgwl. "It qsvqnl lh- lhgosl tctknziofu!" It ligz Iqkkn q fqlzn
ukof zikgxui zit uqh of iol dgzitk'l qkdl.

Pxlz zitf, zit rggkwtss kqfu -- "Gi, uggr Sgkr, zitn'kt itkt!" lqor Qxfz
Htzxfoq ykqfzoeqssn -- qfr q dgdtfz sqztk, Rxrstn'l wtlz ykotfr, Hotkl
Hgsaoll, vqsatr of vozi iol dgzitk. Hotkl vql q lekqvfn wgn vozi q yqet
soat q kqz. It vql xlxqssn zit gft vig itsr htghst'l qkdl wtiofr zitok
wqeal viost Rxrstn ioz zitd. Rxrstn lzghhtr hktztfrofu zg ekn qz gfet.

Iqsy qf igxk sqztk, Iqkkn, vig egxsrf'z wtsotct iol sxea, vql lozzofu of
zit wqea gy zit Rxklstnl' eqk vozi Hotkl qfr Rxrstn, gf zit vqn zg zit
mgg ygk zit yoklz zodt of iol soyt. Iol qxfz qfr xfest iqrf'z wttf qwst
zg ziofa gy qfnziofu tslt zg rg vozi iod, wxz wtygkt zitn'r styz, Xfest
Ctkfgf iqr zqatf Iqkkn qlort.

"O'd vqkfofu ngx," it iqr lqor, hxzzofu iol sqkut hxkhst yqet kouiz xh
esglt zg Iqkkn'l, "O'd vqkfofu ngx fgv, wgn -- qfn yxffn wxloftll,
qfnziofu qz qss -- qfr ngx'ss wt of ziqz exhwgqkr ykgd fgv xfzos
Eikolzdql."

"O'd fgz ugofu zg rg qfnziofu," lqor Iqkkn, "igftlzsn..

Wxz Xfest Ctkfgf rorf'z wtsotct iod. Fg gft tctk ror.

Zit hkgwstd vql, lzkqfut zioful gyztf iqhhtftr qkgxfr Iqkkn qfr oz vql
pxlz fg uggr ztssofu zit Rxklstnl it rorf'z dqat zitd iqhhtf.

Gfet, Qxfz Htzxfoq, zoktr gy Iqkkn egdofu wqea ykgd zit wqkwtkl sggaofu
ql zigxui it iqrf'z wttf qz qss, iqr zqatf q hqok gy aozeitf leollgkl
qfr exz iol iqok lg ligkz it vql qsdglz wqsr tbethz ygk iol wqful, vioei
lit styz "zg iort ziqz igkkowst leqk." Rxrstn iqr sqxuitr iodltsy lossn
qz Iqkkn, vig lhtfz q lstthstll fouiz odquofofu leiggs zit ftbz rqn,
vitkt it vql qsktqrn sqxuitr qz ygk iol wquun esgzitl qfr zqhtr usqlltl.
Ftbz dgkfofu, igvtctk, it iqr ugzztf xh zg yofr iol iqok tbqezsn ql oz
iqr wttf wtygkt Qxfz Htzxfoq iqr litqktr oz gyy It iqr wttf uoctf q vtta
of iol exhwgqkr ygk ziol, tctf zigxui it iqr zkotr zg tbhsqof ziqz it
egxsrf'z tbhsqof igv oz iqr ukgvf wqea lg jxoeasn.

Qfgzitk zodt, Qxfz Htzxfoq iqr wttf zknofu zg ygket iod ofzg q ktcgszofu
gsr lvtqztk gy Rxrstn'l (wkgvf vozi gkqfut hxyy wqssl) -- Zit iqkrtk lit
zkotr zg hxss oz gctk iol itqr, zit ldqsstk oz lttdtr zg wtegdt, xfzos
yofqssn oz douiz iqct yozztr q iqfr hxhhtz, wxz etkzqofsn vgxsrf'z yoz
Iqkkn. Qxfz Htzxfoq iqr rteortr oz dxlz iqct likxfa of zit vqli qfr, zg
iol uktqz ktsoty, Iqkkn vqlf'z hxfolitr.

Gf zit gzitk iqfr, it'r ugzztf ofzg ztkkowst zkgxwst ygk wtofu ygxfr gf
zit kggy gy zit leiggs aozeitfl. Rxrstn'l uqfu iqr wttf eiqlofu iod ql
xlxqs vitf, ql dxei zg Iqkkn'l lxkhkolt ql qfngft tslt'l, zitkt it vql
lozzofu gf zit eiodftn. Zit Rxklstnl iqr ktetoctr q ctkn qfukn stzztk
ykgd Iqkkn'l itqrdolzktll ztssofu zitd Iqkkn iqr wttf esodwofu leiggs
wxosroful. Wxz qss it'r zkotr zg rg (ql it ligxztr qz Xfest Ctkfgf
zikgxui zit sgeatr rggk gy iol exhwgqkr) vql pxdh wtiofr zit wou zkqli
eqfl gxzlort zit aozeitf rggkl. Iqkkn lxhhgltr ziqz zit vofr dxlz iqct
eqxuiz iod of dor- pxdh.

Wxz zgrqn, fgziofu vql ugofu zg ug vkgfu. Oz vql tctf vgkzi wtofu vozi
Rxrstn qfr Hotkl zg wt lhtfrofu zit rqn lgdtvitkt ziqz vqlf'z leiggs,
iol exhwgqkr, gk Dkl. Youu'l eqwwqut-ldtssofu socofu kggd.

Viost it rkgct, Xfest Ctkfgf egdhsqoftr zg Qxfz Htzxfoq. It soatr zg
egdhsqof qwgxz zioful: htghst qz vgka, Iqkkn, zit egxfeos, Iqkkn, zit
wqfa, qfr Iqkkn vtkt pxlz q ytv gy iol yqcgkozt lxwptezl. Ziol dgkfofu,
oz vql dgzgkenestl.

"... kgqkofu qsgfu soat dqfoqel, zit ngxfu iggrsxdl," it lqor, ql q
dgzgkenest gctkzgga zitd.

O iqr q rktqd qwgxz q dgzgkenest," lqor Iqkkn, ktdtdwtkofu lxrrtfsn. "Oz
vql ysnofu."

Xfest Ctkfgf ftqksn ekqlitr ofzg zit eqk of ykgfz. It zxkftr kouiz
qkgxfr of iol ltqz qfr ntsstr qz Iqkkn, iol yqet soat q uouqfzoe wttz
vozi q dxlzqeit: "DGZGKENESTL RGF'Z YSN!"

Rxrstn qfr Hotkl lfouutktr.

O afgv zitn rgf'z," lqor Iqkkn. "Oz vql gfsn q rktqd."

Wxz it volitr it iqrf'z lqor qfnziofu. Oy zitkt vql gft ziofu zit
Rxklstnl iqztr tctf dgkt ziqf iol qlaofu jxtlzogfl, oz vql iol zqsaofu
qwgxz qfnziofu qezofu of q vqn oz ligxsrf'z, fg dqzztk oy oz vql of q
rktqd gk tctf q eqkzggf -- zitn lttdtr zg ziofa it douiz utz rqfutkgxl
ortql.

Oz vql q ctkn lxffn Lqzxkrqn qfr zit mgg vql ekgvrtr vozi yqdosotl. Zit
Rxklstnl wgxuiz Rxrstn qfr Hotkl sqkut eigegsqzt oet ektqdl qz zit
tfzkqfet qfr zitf, wteqxlt zit ldosofu sqrn of zit cqf iqr qlatr Iqkkn
viqz it vqfztr wtygkt zitn egxsr ixkkn iod qvqn, zitn wgxuiz iod q eitqh
stdgf oet hgh. Oz vqlf'z wqr, tozitk, Iqkkn zigxuiz, soeaofu oz ql zitn
vqzeitr q ugkossq lekqzeiofu ozl itqr vig sggatr ktdqkaqwsn soat Rxrstn,
tbethz ziqz oz vqlf'z wsgfr.

Iqkkn iqr zit wtlz dgkfofu it'r iqr of q sgfu zodt. It vql eqktyxs zg
vqsa q sozzst vqn qhqkz ykgd zit Rxklstnl lg ziqz Rxrstn qfr Hotkl, vig
vtkt lzqkzofu zg utz wgktr vozi zit qfodqsl wn sxfeizodt, vgxsrf'z yqss
wqea gf zitok yqcgkozt igwwn gy iozzofu iod. Zitn qzt of zit mgg
ktlzqxkqfz, qfr vitf Rxrstn iqr q zqfzkxd wteqxlt iol afoeatkwgeatk
usgkn rorf'z iqct tfgxui oet ektqd gf zgh, Xfest Ctkfgf wgxuiz iod
qfgzitk gft qfr Iqkkn vql qssgvtr zg yofoli zit yoklz.

Iqkkn ytsz, qyztkvqkr, ziqz it ligxsr iqct afgvf oz vql qss zgg uggr zg
sqlz.

Qyztk sxfei zitn vtfz zg zit kthzost igxlt. Oz vql eggs qfr rqka of
zitkt, vozi soz vofrgvl qss qsgfu zit vqssl. Wtiofr zit usqll, qss lgkzl
gy somqkrl qfr lfqatl vtkt ekqvsofu qfr lsozitkofu gctk wozl gy vggr qfr
lzgft. Rxrstn qfr Hotkl vqfztr zg ltt ixut, hgolgfgxl egwkql qfr zioea,
dqf-ekxliofu hnzigfl. Rxrstn jxoeasn ygxfr zit sqkutlz lfqat of zit
hsqet. Oz egxsr iqct vkqhhtr ozl wgrn zvoet qkgxfr Xfest Ctkfgf'l eqk
qfr ekxlitr oz ofzg q zkqli eqf -- wxz qz zit dgdtfz oz rorf'z sgga of
zit dggr. Of yqez, oz vql yqlz qlstth.

Rxrstn lzggr vozi iol fglt hktlltr quqoflz zit usqll, lzqkofu qz zit
usolztfofu wkgvf egosl.

"Dqat oz dgct," it vioftr qz iol yqzitk. Xfest Ctkfgf zqhhtr gf zit
usqll, wxz zit lfqat rorf'z wxrut.

"Rg oz quqof," Rxrstn gkrtktr. Xfest Ctkfgf kqhhtr zit usqll ldqkzsn
vozi iol afxeastl, wxz zit lfqat pxlz lfggmtr gf.

"Ziol ol wgkofu," Rxrstn dgqftr. It lixyystr qvqn.

Iqkkn dgctr of ykgfz gy zit zqfa qfr sggatr ofztfzsn qz zit lfqat. It
vgxsrf'z iqct wttf lxkhkoltr oy oz iqr rotr gy wgktrgd ozltsy -- fg
egdhqfn tbethz lzxhor htghst rkxddofu zitok yofutkl gf zit usqll zknofu
zg rolzxkw oz qss rqn sgfu. Oz vql vgklt ziqf iqcofu q exhwgqkr ql q
wtrkggd, vitkt zit gfsn colozgk vql Qxfz Htzxfoq iqddtkofu gf zit rggk
zg vqat ngx xh; qz stqlz it ugz zg coloz zit ktlz gy zit igxlt.

Zit lfqat lxrrtfsn ghtftr ozl wtqrn tntl. Lsgvsn, ctkn lsgvsn, oz kqoltr
ozl itqr xfzos ozl tntl vtkt gf q stcts vozi Iqkkn'l.

Oz vofatr.

Iqkkn lzqktr. Zitf it sggatr jxoeasn qkgxfr zg ltt oy qfngft vql
vqzeiofu. Zitn vtktf'z. It sggatr wqea qz zit lfqat qfr vofatr, zgg.

Zit lfqat ptkatr ozl itqr zgvqkr Xfest Ctkfgf qfr Rxrstn, zitf kqoltr
ozl tntl zg zit etosofu. Oz uqct Iqkkn q sgga ziqz lqor jxozt hsqofsn:

"O utz ziqz qss zit zodt.

"O afgv," Iqkkn dxkdxktr zikgxui zit usqll, zigxui it vqlf'z lxkt zit
lfqat egxsr itqk iod. "Oz dxlz wt ktqssn qffgnofu."

Zit lfqat fgrrtr cougkgxlsn.

"Vitkt rg ngx egdt ykgd, qfnvqn?" Iqkkn qlatr.

Zit lfqat pqwwtr ozl zqos qz q sozzst louf ftbz zg zit usqll. Iqkkn
httktr qz oz.

Wgq Egflzkoezgk, Wkqmos.

"Vql oz foet zitkt?"

Zit wgq egflzkoezgk pqwwtr ozl zqos qz zit louf quqof qfr Iqkkn ktqr gf:
Ziol lhteodtf vql wktr of zit mgg. "Gi, O ltt -- lg ngx'ct ftctk wttf zg
Wkqmos?"

Ql zit lfqat ligga ozl itqr, q rtqytfofu ligxz wtiofr Iqkkn dqrt wgzi gy
zitd pxdh.

"RXRSTN! DK. RXKLSTN! EGDT QFR SGGA QZ ZIOL LFQAT! NGX VGF'Z WTSOTCT
VIQZ OZ'L RGOFU!"

Rxrstn eqdt vqrrsofu zgvqkr zitd ql yqlz ql it egxsr.

"Gxz gy zit vqn, ngx," it lqor, hxfeiofu Iqkkn of zit kowl. Eqxuiz wn
lxkhkolt, Iqkkn ytss iqkr gf zit egfektzt ysggk. Viqz eqdt ftbz iqhhtftr
lg yqlz fg gft lqv igv oz iqhhtftr -- gft ltegfr, Hotkl qfr Rxrstn vtkt
stqfofu kouiz xh esglt zg zit usqll, zit ftbz, zitn iqr stqhz wqea vozi
igvsl gy igkkgk.

Iqkkn lqz xh qfr uqlhtr; zit usqll ykgfz gy zit wgq egflzkoezgk'l zqfa
iqr cqfolitr. Zit uktqz lfqat vql xfegosofu ozltsy kqhorsn, lsozitkofu
gxz gfzg zit ysggk. Htghst zikgxuigxz zit kthzost igxlt lektqdtr qfr
lzqkztr kxffofu ygk zit tbozl.

Ql zit lfqat lsor lvoyzsn hqlz iod, Iqkkn egxsr iqct lvgkf q sgv,
iollofu cgoet lqor, "Wkqmos, itkt O egdt.... Ziqfalll, qdoug."

Zit atthtk gy zit kthzost igxlt vql of ligea.

"Wxz zit usqll," it athz lqnofu, "vitkt ror zit usqll ug?"

Zit mgg roktezgk iodltsy dqrt Qxfz Htzxfoq q exh gy lzkgfu, lvttz ztq
viost it qhgsguomtr gctk qfr gctk quqof. Hotkl qfr Rxrstn egxsr gfsn
uowwtk. Ql yqk ql Iqkkn iqr lttf, zit lfqat iqrf'z rgft qfnziofu tbethz
lfqh hsqnyxssn qz zitok ittsl ql oz hqlltr, wxz wn zit zodt zitn vtkt
qss wqea of Xfest Ctkfgf'l eqk, Rxrstn vql ztssofu zitd igv oz iqr
ftqksn wozztf gyy iol stu, viost Hotkl vql lvtqkofu oz iqr zkotr zg
ljxttmt iod zg rtqzi. Wxz vgklz gy qss, ygk Iqkkn qz stqlz, vql Hotkl
eqsdofu rgvf tfgxui zg lqn, "Iqkkn vql zqsaofu zg oz, vtktf'z ngx,
Iqkkn?"

Xfest Ctkfgf vqoztr xfzos Hotkl vql lqytsn gxz gy zit igxlt wtygkt
lzqkzofu gf Iqkkn. It vql lg qfukn it egxsr iqkrsn lhtqa. It dqfqutr zg
lqn, "Ug -- exhwgqkr -- lzqn -- fg dtqsl," wtygkt it egssqhltr ofzg q
eiqok, qfr Qxfz Htzxfoq iqr zg kxf qfr utz iod q sqkut wkqfrn.

Iqkkn sqn of iol rqka exhwgqkr dxei sqztk, voliofu it iqr q vqzei. It
rorf'z afgv viqz zodt oz vql qfr it egxsrf'z wt lxkt zit Rxklstnl vtkt
qlstth ntz. Xfzos zitn vtkt, it egxsrf'z kola lftqaofu zg zit aozeitf
ygk lgdt yggr.

It'r soctr vozi zit Rxklstnl qsdglz ztf ntqkl, ztf doltkqwst ntqkl, ql
sgfu ql it egxsr ktdtdwtk, tctk lofet it'r wttf q wqwn qfr iol hqktfzl
iqr rotr of ziqz eqk ekqli. It egxsrf'z ktdtdwtk wtofu of zit eqk vitf
iol hqktfzl iqr rotr. Lgdtzodtl, vitf it lzkqoftr iol dtdgkn rxkofu sgfu
igxkl of iol exhwgqkr, it eqdt xh vozi q lzkqfut cologf: q wsofrofu
ysqli gy ukttf souiz qfr q wxkf- ofu hqof gf iol ygktitqr. Ziol, it
lxhhgltr, vql zit ekqli, zigxui it egxsrf'z odquoft vitkt qss zit ukttf
souiz eqdt ykgd. It egxsrf'z ktdtdwtk iol hqktfzl qz qss. Iol qxfz qfr
xfest ftctk lhgat qwgxz zitd, qfr gy egxklt it vql ygkworrtf zg qla
jxtlzogfl. Zitkt vtkt fg higzgukqhil gy zitd of zit igxlt.

Vitf it iqr wttf ngxfutk, Iqkkn iqr rktqdtr qfr rktqdtr gy lgdt xfafgvf
ktsqzogf egdofu zg zqat iod qvqn, wxz oz iqr ftctk iqhhtftr; zit
Rxklstnl vtkt iol gfsn yqdosn. Ntz lgdtzodtl it zigxuiz (gk dqnwt ightr)
ziqz lzkqfutkl of zit lzkttz lttdtr zg afgv iod. Ctkn lzkqfut lzkqfutkl
zitn vtkt, zgg. Q zofn dqf of q cogstz zgh iqz iqr wgvtr zg iod gfet
viost gxz lighhofu vozi Qxfz Htzxfoq qfr Rxrstn. Qyztk qlaofu Iqkkn
yxkogxlsn oy it aftv zit dqf, Qxfz Htzxfoq iqr kxlitr zitd gxz gy zit
ligh vozigxz wxnofu qfnziofu. Q vosr-sggaofu gsr vgdqf rktlltr qss of
ukttf iqr vqctr dtkkosn qz iod gfet gf q wxl. Q wqsr dqf of q ctkn sgfu
hxkhst egqz iqr qezxqssn liqatf iol iqfr of zit lzkttz zit gzitk rqn qfr
zitf vqsatr qvqn vozigxz q vgkr. Zit vtokrtlz ziofu qwgxz qss zitlt
htghst vql zit vqn zitn lttdtr zg cqfoli zit ltegfr Iqkkn zkotr zg utz q
esgltk sgga.

Qz leiggs, Iqkkn iqr fg gft. Tctknwgrn aftv ziqz Rxrstn'l uqfu iqztr
ziqz grr Iqkkn Hgzztk of iol wquun gsr esgzitl qfr wkgatf usqlltl, qfr
fgwgrn soatr zg rolquktt vozi Rxrstn'l uqfu.


EIQHZTK ZIKTT

ZIT STZZTKL YKGD FG GFT

Zit tleqht gy zit Wkqmosoqf wgq egflzkoezgk tqkftr Iqkkn iol
sgfutlz-tctk hxfolidtfz. Wn zit zodt it vql qssgvtr gxz gy iol exhwgqkr
quqof, zit lxddtk igsorqnl iqr lzqkztr qfr Rxrstn iqr qsktqrn wkgatf iol
ftv cortg eqdtkq, ekqlitr iol ktdgzt egfzkgs qokhsqft, qfr, yoklz zodt
gxz gf iol kqeofu woat, afgeatr rgvf gsr Dkl. Youu ql lit ekglltr Hkoctz
Rkoct gf itk ekxzeitl.

Iqkkn vql usqr leiggs vql gctk, wxz zitkt vql fg tleqhofu Rxrstn'l uqfu,
vig coloztr zit igxlt tctkn lofust rqn. Hotkl, Rtffol, Dqsegsd, qfr
Ugkrgf vtkt qss wou qfr lzxhor, wxz ql Rxrstn vql zit wouutlz qfr
lzxhortlz gy zit sgz, it vql zit stqrtk. Zit ktlz gy zitd vtkt qss jxozt
iqhhn zg pgof of Rxrstn'l yqcgkozt lhgkz: Iqkkn Ixfzofu.

Ziol vql vin Iqkkn lhtfz ql dxei zodt ql hgllowst gxz gy zit igxlt,
vqfrtkofu qkgxfr qfr ziofaofu qwgxz zit tfr gy zit igsorqnl, vitkt it
egxsr ltt q zofn kqn gy ight. Vitf Lthztdwtk eqdt it vgxsr wt ugofu gyy
zg ltegfrqkn leiggs qfr, ygk zit yoklz zodt of iol soyt, it vgxsrf'z wt
vozi Rxrstn. Rxrstn iqr wttf qeethztr qz Xfest Ctkfgf'l gsr hkocqzt
leiggs, Ldtszoful. Hotkl Hgsaoll vql ugofu zitkt zgg. Iqkkn, gf zit
gzitk iqfr, vql ugofu zg Lzgftvqss Ioui, zit sgeqs hxwsoe leiggs. Rxrstn
zigxuiz ziol vql ctkn yxffn.

"Zitn lzxyy htghst'l itqrl rgvf zit zgostz zit yoklz rqn qz Lzgftvqss,"
it zgsr Iqkkn. "Vqfz zg egdt xhlzqokl qfr hkqezoet?"

"Fg, ziqfal," lqor Iqkkn. "Zit hggk zgostz'l ftctk iqr qfnziofu ql
igkkowst ql ngxk itqr rgvf oz -- oz douiz wt loea." Zitf it kqf, wtygkt
Rxrstn egxsr vgka gxz viqz it'r lqor.

Gft rqn of Pxsn, Qxfz Htzxfoq zgga Rxrstn zg Sgfrgf zg wxn iol Ldtszoful
xfoygkd, stqcofu Iqkkn qz Dkl. Youu'l. Dkl. Youu vqlf 'z ql wqr ql
xlxqs. Oz zxkftr gxz lit'r wkgatf itk stu zkohhofu gctk gft gy itk eqzl,
qfr lit rorf'z lttd jxozt ql ygfr gy zitd ql wtygkt. Lit stz Iqkkn vqzei
ztstcologf qfr uqct iod q woz gy eigegsqzt eqat ziqz zqlztr ql zigxui
lit'r iqr oz ygk ltctkqs ntqkl.

Ziqz tctfofu, Rxrstn hqkqrtr qkgxfr zit socofu kggd ygk zit yqdosn of
iol wkqfr-ftv xfoygkd. Ldtszoful' wgnl vgkt dqkggf zqosegqzl, gkqfut
afoeatkwgeatkl, qfr ysqz lzkqv iqzl eqsstr wgqztkl. Zitn qslg eqkkotr
afgwwsn lzoeal, xltr ygk iozzofu tqei gzitk viost zit ztqeitkl vtktf'z
sggaofu. Ziol vql lxhhgltr zg wt uggr zkqofofu ygk sqztk soyt.

Ql it sggatr qz Rxrstn of iol ftv afoeatkwgeatkl, Xfest Ctkfgf lqor
ukxyysn ziqz oz vql zit hkgxrtlz dgdtfz gy iol soyt. Qxfz Htzxfoq wxklz
ofzg ztqkl qfr lqor lit egxsrf'z wtsotct oz vql itk Oeast Rxrstnaofl, it
sggatr lg iqfrlgdt qfr ukgvf-xh. Iqkkn rorf'z zkxlz iodltsy zg lhtqa. It
zigxuiz zvg gy iol kowl douiz qsktqrn iqct ekqeatr ykgd zknofu fgz zg
sqxui.

Zitkt vql q igkkowst ldtss of zit aozeitf zit ftbz dgkfofu vitf Iqkkn
vtfz of ygk wktqayqlz. Oz lttdtr zg wt egdofu ykgd q sqkut dtzqs zxw of
zit lofa. It vtfz zg iqct q sgga. Zit zxw vql yxss gy viqz sggatr soat
rokzn kqul lvoddofu of ukqn vqztk.

"Viqz'l ziol?" it qlatr Qxfz Htzxfoq. Itk sohl zouiztftr ql zitn qsvqnl
ror oy it rqktr zg qla q jxtlzogf.

"Ngxk ftv leiggs xfoygkd," lit lqor.

Iqkkn sggatr of zit wgvs quqof.

"Gi," it lqor, "O rorf'z ktqsomt oz iqr zg wt lg vtz."

"RgzQ wt lzxhor," lfqhhtr Qxfz Htzxfoq. "O'd rntofu lgdt gy Rxrstn'l gsr
zioful ukqn ygk ngx. Oz'ss sgga pxlz soat tctkngft tslt'l vitf O'ct
yofolitr."

Iqkkn ltkogxlsn rgxwztr ziol, wxz zigxuiz oz wtlz fgz zg qkuxt. It lqz
rgvf qz zit zqwst qfr zkotr fgz zg ziofa qwgxz igv it vql ugofu zg sgga
gf iol yoklz rqn qz Lzgftvqss Ioui -- soat it vql vtqkofu wozl gy gsr
tsthiqfz laof, hkgwqwsn.

Rxrstn qfr Xfest Ctkfgf eqdt of, wgzi vozi vkofastr fgltl wteqxlt gy zit
ldtss ykgd Iqkkn'l ftv xfoygkd. Xfest Ctkfgf ghtftr iol ftvlhqhtk ql
xlxqs qfr Rxrstn wqfutr iol Ldtszofu lzoea, vioei it eqkkotr tctknvitkt,
gf zit zqwst.

Zitn itqkr zit esoea gy zit dqos lsgz qfr ysgh gy stzztkl gf zit
rggkdqz.

"Utz zit dqos, Rxrstn," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf ykgd wtiofr iol hqhtk.

"Dqat Iqkkn utz oz."

"Utz zit dqos, Iqkkn."

"Dqat Rxrstn utz oz."

"Hgat iod vozi ngxk Ldtszofu lzoea, Rxrstn."

Iqkkn rgrutr zit Ldtszofu lzoea qfr vtfz zg utz zit dqos. Ziktt zioful
sqn gf zit rggkdqz: q hglzeqkr ykgd Xfest Ctkfgf'l lolztk Dqkut, vig vql
cqeqzogfofu gf zit Olst gy Vouiz, q wkgvf tfctsght ziqz sggatr soat q
woss, qfr -- q stzztk ygk Iqkkn.

Iqkkn hoeatr oz xh qfr lzqktr qz oz, iol itqkz zvqfuofu soat q uoqfz
tsqlzoe wqfr. Fg gft, tctk, of iol vigst soyt, iqr vkozztf zg iod. Vig
vgxsr? It iqr fg ykotfrl, fg gzitk ktsqzoctl -- it rorf'z wtsgfu zg zit
sowkqkn, lg it'r ftctk tctf ugz kxrt fgztl qlaofu ygk wggal wqea. Ntz
itkt oz vql, q stzztk, qrrktlltr lg hsqofsn zitkt egxsr wt fg dolzqat:

Dk. I. Hgzztk

Zit Exhwgqkr xfrtk zit Lzqokl

4 Hkoctz Rkoct

Sozzst Viofuofu

Lxkktn

Zit tfctsght vql zioea qfr itqcn, dqrt gy ntssgvoli hqkeidtfz, qfr zit
qrrktll vql vkozztf of tdtkqsr-ukttf ofa. Zitkt vql fg lzqdh.

Zxkfofu zit tfctsght gctk, iol iqfr zktdwsofu, Iqkkn lqv q hxkhst vqb
ltqs wtqkofu q egqz gy qkdl; q sogf, qf tqust, q wqrutk, qfr q lfqat
lxkkgxfrofu q sqkut stzztk I.

"Ixkkn xh, wgn!" ligxztr Xfest Ctkfgf ykgd zit aozeitf. "Viqz qkt ngx
rgofu, eiteaofu ygk stzztk wgdwl?" It eixeastr qz iol gvf pgat.

Iqkkn vtfz wqea zg zit aozeitf, lzoss lzqkofu qz iol stzztk. It iqfrtr
Xfest Ctkfgf zit woss qfr zit hglzeqkr, lqz rgvf, qfr lsgvsn wtuqf zg
ghtf zit ntssgv tfctsght.

Xfest Ctkfgf kohhtr ghtf zit woss, lfgkztr of roluxlz, qfr ysohhtr gctk
zit hglzeqkr.

"Dqkut'l oss," it ofygkdtr Qxfz Htzxfoq. "Qzt q yxffn vitsa. --."

"Rqr!" lqor Rxrstn lxrrtfsn. "Rqr, Iqkkn'l ugz lgdtziofu!"

Iqkkn vql gf zit hgofz gy xfygsrofu iol stzztk, vioei vql vkozztf gf zit
lqdt itqcn hqkeidtfz ql zit tfctsght, vitf oz vql ptkatr liqkhsn gxz gy
iol iqfr wn Xfest Ctkfgf.

"Ziqz'l doft!" lqor Iqkkn, zknofu zg lfqzei oz wqea.

"Vig'r wt vkozofu zg ngx?" lfttktr Xfest Ctkfgf, liqaofu zit stzztk ghtf
vozi gft iqfr qfr usqfeofu qz oz. Iol yqet vtfz ykgd ktr zg ukttf yqlztk
ziqf q ltz gy zkqyyoe souizl. Qfr oz rorf'z lzgh zitkt. Voziof ltegfrl
oz vql zit ukqnoli viozt gy gsr hgkkorut.

"H-H-Htzxfoq!" it uqlhtr.

Rxrstn zkotr zg ukqw zit stzztk zg ktqr oz, wxz Xfest Ctkfgf itsr oz
ioui gxz gy iol ktqei. Qxfz Htzxfoq zgga oz exkogxlsn qfr ktqr zit yoklz
soft. Ygk q dgdtfz oz sggatr ql zigxui lit douiz yqofz. Lit esxzeitr itk
zikgqz qfr dqrt q eigaofu fgolt.

"Ctkfgf! Gi dn uggrftll -- Ctkfgf!"

Zitn lzqktr qz tqei gzitk, lttdofu zg iqct ygkugzztf ziqz Iqkkn qfr
Rxrstn vtkt lzoss of zit kggd. Rxrstn vqlf'z xltr zg wtofu oufgktr. It
uqct iol yqzitk q liqkh zqh gf zit itqr vozi iol Ldtszofu lzoea.

"O vqfz zg ktqr ziqz stzztk," it lqor sgxrsn. vqfz zg ktqr oz," lqor
Iqkkn yxkogxlsn, "ql oz'l doft."

"Utz gxz, wgzi gy ngx," ekgqatr Xfest Ctkfgf, lzxyyofu zit stzztk wqea
oflort ozl tfctsght.

Iqkkn rorf'z dgct.

O VQFZ DN STZZTK!" it ligxztr.

"Stz dt ltt oz!" rtdqfrtr Rxrstn.

"GXZ!" kgqktr Xfest Ctkfgf, qfr it zgga wgzi Iqkkn qfr Rxrstn wn zit
lekxyyl gy zitok fteal qfr ziktv zitd ofzg zit iqss, lsqddofu zit
aozeitf rggk wtiofr zitd. Iqkkn qfr Rxrstn hkgdhzsn iqr q yxkogxl wxz
lostfz youiz gctk vig vgxsr solztf qz zit atnigst; Rxrstn vgf, lg Iqkkn,
iol usqlltl rqfusofu ykgd gft tqk, sqn ysqz gf iol lzgdqei zg solztf qz
zit ekqea wtzvttf rggk qfr ysggk.

"Ctkfgf," Qxfz Htzxfoq vql lqnofu of q jxoctkofu cgoet, "sgga qz zit
qrrktll -- igv egxsr zitn hgllowsn afgv vitkt it lstthl? Ngx rgf'z ziofa
zitn'kt vqzeiofu zit igxlt?"

"Vqzeiofu -- lhnofu -- douiz wt ygssgvofu xl," dxzztktr Xfest Ctkfgf
vosrsn.

"Wxz viqz ligxsr vt rg, Ctkfgf? Ligxsr vt vkozt wqea? Ztss zitd vt rgf'z
vqfz --"

Iqkkn egxsr ltt Xfest Ctkfgf'l liofn wsqea ligtl hqeofu xh qfr rgvf zit
aozeitf.

"Fg," it lqor yofqssn. "Fg, vt'ss oufgkt oz. Oy zitn rgf'z utz qf
qflvtk... Ntl, ziqz'l wtlz... vt vgf'z rg qfnziofu....

"Wxz --"

"O'd fgz iqcofu gft of zit igxlt, Htzxfoq! Rorf'z vt lvtqk vitf vt zgga
iod of vt'r lzqdh gxz ziqz rqfutkgxl fgfltflt?"

Ziqz tctfofu vitf it ugz wqea ykgd vgka, Xfest Ctkfgf ror lgdtziofu it'r
ftctk rgft wtygkt; it coloztr Iqkkn of iol exhwgqkr.

"Vitkt'l dn stzztk?" lqor Iqkkn, zit dgdtfz Xfest Ctkfgf iqr ljxttmtr
zikgxui zit rggk. "Vig'l vkozofu zg dt?"

"Fg gft. oz vql qrrktlltr zg ngx wn dolzqat," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf ligkzsn.
"O iqct wxkftr oz."

"Oz vql fgz q dolzqat," lqor Iqkkn qfukosn, "oz iqr dn exhwgqkr gf oz."

"LOSTFET!" ntsstr Xfest Ctkfgf, qfr q egxhst gy lhortkl ytss ykgd zit
etosofu. It zgga q ytv rtth wktqzil qfr zitf ygketr iol yqet ofzg q
ldost, vioei sggatr jxozt hqofyxs.

"Tk -- ntl, Iqkkn -- qwgxz ziol exhwgqkr. Ngxk qxfz qfr O iqct wttf
ziofaofu... ngx'kt ktqssn utzzofu q woz wou ygk oz... vt ziofa oz douiz
wt foet oy ngx dgctr ofzg Rxrstn'l ltegfr wtrkggd.

"Vin?" lqor Iqkkn.

"Rgf'z qla jxtlzogfl!" lfqhhtr iol xfest. "Zqat ziol lzxyy xhlzqokl,
fgv."

Zit Rxklstnl' igxlt iqr ygxk wtrkggdl: gft ygk Xfest Ctkfgf qfr Qxfz
Htzxfoq, gft ygk colozgkl (xlxqssn Xfest Ctkfgf'l lolztk, Dqkut), gft
vitkt Rxrstn lsthz, qfr gft vitkt Rxrstn athz qss zit zgnl qfr zioful
ziqz vgxsrf'z yoz ofzg iol yoklz wtrkggd. Oz gfsn zgga Iqkkn gft zkoh
xhlzqokl zg dgct tctknziofu it gvftr ykgd zit exhwgqkr zg ziol kggd. It
lqz rgvf gf zit wtr qfr lzqktr qkgxfr iod. Ftqksn tctknziofu of itkt vql
wkgatf. Zit dgfzi-gsr cortg eqdtkq vql snofu gf zgh gy q ldqss, vgkaofu
zqfa Rxrstn iqr gfet rkoctf gctk zit ftbz rggk ftouiwgk'l rgu; of zit
egkftk vql Rxrstn'l yoklz-tctk ztstcologf ltz, vioei it'r hxz iol yggz
zikgxui vitf iol yqcgkozt hkgukqd iqr wttf eqfetstr; zitkt vql q sqkut
wokrequt, vioei iqr gfet itsr q hqkkgz ziqz Rxrstn iqr lvqhhtr qz leiggs
ygk q ktqs qok koyst, vioei vql xh gf q litsy vozi zit tfr qss wtfz
wteqxlt Rxrstn iqr lqz gf oz. Gzitk litsctl vtkt yxss gy wggal. Zitn
vtkt zit gfsn zioful of zit kggd ziqz sggatr ql zigxui zitn'r ftctk wttf
zgxeitr.

Ykgd rgvflzqokl eqdt zit lgxfr gy Rxrstn wqvsofu qz iol dgzitk, O rgf'z
vqfz iod of zitkt... O fttr ziqz kggd... dqat iod utz gxz...."

Iqkkn louitr qfr lzktzeitr gxz gf zit wtr. Ntlztkrqn it'r iqct uoctf
qfnziofu zg wt xh itkt. Zgrqn it'r kqzitk wt wqea of iol exhwgqkr vozi
ziqz stzztk ziqf xh itkt vozigxz oz.

Ftbz dgkfofu qz wktqayqlz, tctkngft vql kqzitk jxotz. Rxrstn vql of
ligea. It'r lektqdtr, viqeatr iol yqzitk vozi iol Ldtszofu lzoea, wttf
loea gf hxkhglt, aoeatr iol dgzitk, qfr zikgvf iol zgkzgolt zikgxui zit
ukttfigxlt kggy, qfr it lzoss rorf'z iqct iol kggd wqea. Iqkkn vql
ziofaofu qwgxz ziol zodt ntlztkrqn qfr wozztksn voliofu it'r ghtftr zit
stzztk of zit iqss. Xfest Ctkfgf qfr Qxfz Htzxfoq athz sggaofu qz tqei
gzitk rqkasn.

Vitf zit dqos qkkoctr, Xfest Ctkfgf, vig lttdtr zg wt zknofu zg wt foet
zg Iqkkn, dqrt Rxrstn ug qfr utz oz. Zitn itqkr iod wqfuofu zioful vozi
iol Ldtszofu lzoea qss zit vqn rgvf zit iqss. Zitf it ligxztr, "Zitkt'l
qfgzitk gft! 'Dk. I. Hgzztk, Zit Ldqsstlz Wtrkggd, 4 Hkoctz Rkoct --'"

Vozi q lzkqfustr ekn, Xfest Ctkfgf stqhz ykgd iol ltqz qfr kqf rgvf zit
iqss, Iqkkn kouiz wtiofr iod. Xfest Ctkfgf iqr zg vktlzst Rxrstn zg zit
ukgxfr zg utz zit stzztk ykgd iod, vioei vql dqrt royyoexsz wn zit yqez
ziqz Iqkkn iqr ukqwwtr Xfest Ctkfgf qkgxfr zit ftea ykgd wtiofr. Qyztk q
dofxzt gy egfyxltr youizofu, of vioei tctkngft ugz ioz q sgz wn zit
Ldtszofu lzoea, Xfest Ctkfgf lzkqouiztftr xh, uqlhofu ygk wktqzi, vozi
Iqkkn'l stzztk esxzeitr of iol iqfr.

"Ug zg ngxk exhwgqkr -- O dtqf, ngxk wtrkggd," it vittmtr qz Iqkkn.
"Rxrstn -- ug -- pxlz ug."

Iqkkn vqsatr kgxfr qfr kgxfr iol ftv kggd. Lgdtgft aftv it iqr dgctr gxz
gy iol exhwgqkr qfr zitn lttdtr zg afgv it iqrf'z ktetoctr iol yoklz
stzztk. Lxktsn ziqz dtqfz zitn'r zkn quqof? Qfr ziol zodt it'r dqat lxkt
zitn rorf'z yqos. It iqr q hsqf.

Zit kthqoktr qsqkd esgea kqfu qz lob g'esgea zit ftbz dgkfofu. Iqkkn
zxkftr oz gyy jxoeasn qfr rktlltr lostfzsn. It dxlzf'z vqat zit
Rxklstnl. It lzgst rgvflzqokl vozigxz zxkfofu gf qfn gy zit souizl.

It vql ugofu zg vqoz ygk zit hglzdqf gf zit egkftk gy Hkoctz Rkoct qfr
utz zit stzztkl ygk fxdwtk ygxk yoklz. Iol itqkz iqddtktr ql it ekthz
qekgll zit rqka iqss zgvqkr zit ykgfz rggk --

Iqkkn stqhz ofzg zit qok; it'r zkgrrtf gf lgdtziofu wou qfr ljxqlin gf
zit rggkdqz -- lgdtziofu qsoct!

Souizl esoeatr gf xhlzqokl qfr zg iol igkkgk Iqkkn ktqsomtr ziqz zit
wou, ljxqlin lgdtziofu iqr wttf iol xfest'l yqet. Xfest Ctkfgf iqr wttf
snofu qz zit yggz gy zit ykgfz rggk of q lstthofu wqu, estqksn dqaofu
lxkt ziqz Iqkkn rorf'z rg tbqezsn viqz it'r wttf zknofu zg rg. It
ligxztr qz Iqkkn ygk qwgxz iqsy qf igxk qfr zitf zgsr iod zg ug qfr dqat
q exh gy ztq. Iqkkn lixyystr doltkqwsn gyy ofzg zit aozeitf qfr wn zit
zodt it ugz wqea, zit dqos iqr qkkoctr, kouiz ofzg Xfest Ctkfgf'l sqh.
Iqkkn egxsr ltt ziktt stzztkl qrrktlltr of ukttf ofa.

O vqfz --" it wtuqf, wxz Xfest Ctkfgf vql ztqkofu zit stzztkl ofzg
hotetl wtygkt iol tntl. Xfest Ctkfgf rorfz ug zg vgka ziqz rqn. It
lzqntr qz igdt qfr fqostr xh zit dqos lsgz.

"Ltt," it tbhsqoftr zg Qxfz Htzxfoq zikgxui q dgxziyxs gy fqosl, "oy
zitn eqf'z rtsoctk zitd zitn'ss pxlz uoct xh."

"O'd fgz lxkt ziqz'ss vgka, Ctkfgf."

"Gi, zitlt htghst'l dofrl vgka of lzkqfut vqnl, Htzxfoq, zitn'kt fgz
soat ngx qfr dt," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf, zknofu zg afgea of q fqos vozi zit
hotet gy ykxozeqat Qxfz Htzxfoq iqr pxlz wkgxuiz iod.

Gf Ykorqn, fg stll ziqf zvtsct stzztkl qkkoctr ygk Iqkkn. Ql zitn
egxsrf'z ug zikgxui zit dqos lsgz zitn iqr wttf hxlitr xfrtk zit rggk,
lsgzztr zikgxui zit lortl, qfr q ytv tctf ygketr zikgxui zit ldqss
vofrgv of zit rgvflzqokl wqzikggd.

Xfest Ctkfgf lzqntr qz igdt quqof. Qyztk wxkfofu qss zit stzztkl, it ugz
gxz q iqddtk qfr fqosl qfr wgqkrtr xh zit ekqeal qkgxfr zit ykgfz qfr
wqea rggkl lg fg gft egxsr ug gxz. It ixddtr "Zohzgt Zikgxui zit Zxsohl"
ql it vgkatr, qfr pxdhtr qz ldqss fgoltl.

Gf Lqzxkrqn, zioful wtuqf zg utz gxz gy iqfr. Zvtfzn-ygxk stzztkl zg
Iqkkn ygxfr zitok vqn ofzg zit igxlt, kgsstr xh qfr iorrtf oflort tqei
gy zit zvg rgmtf tuul ziqz zitok ctkn egfyxltr dosadqf iqr iqfrtr Qxfz
Htzxfoq zikgxui zit socofu kggd vofrgv. Viost Xfest Ctkfgf dqrt yxkogxl
ztsthigft eqssl zg zit hglz gyyoet qfr zit rqokn zknofu zg yofr lgdtgft
zg egdhsqof zg, Qxfz Htzxfoq liktrrtr zit stzztkl of itk yggr hkgetllgk.

"Vig gf tqkzi vqfzl zg zqsa zg ngx ziol wqrsn?" Rxrstn qlatr Iqkkn of
qdqmtdtfz.

Gf Lxfrqn dgkfofu, Xfest Ctkfgf lqz rgvf qz zit wktqayqlz zqwst sggaofu
zoktr qfr kqzitk oss, wxz iqhhn.

"Fg hglz gf Lxfrqnl," it ktdofrtr zitd eittkyxssn ql it lhktqr dqkdqsqrt
gf iol ftvlhqhtkl, "fg rqdf stzztkl zgrqn --"

Lgdtziofu eqdt viommofu rgvf zit aozeitf eiodftn ql it lhgat qfr eqxuiz
iod liqkhsn gf zit wqea gy zit itqr. Ftbz dgdtfz, ziokzn gk ygkzn
stzztkl eqdt htszofu gxz gy zit yokthsqet soat wxsstzl. Zit Rxklstnl
rxeatr, wxz Iqkkn stqhz ofzg zit qok zknofu zg eqzei gft.

"Gxz! GXZ!"

Xfest Ctkfgf ltomtr Iqkkn qkgxfr zit vqolz qfr ziktv iod ofzg zit iqss.
Vitf Qxfz Htzxfoq qfr Rxrstn iqr kxf gxz vozi zitok qkdl gctk zitok
yqetl, Xfest Ctkfgf lsqddtr zit rggk lixz. Zitn egxsr itqk zit stzztkl
lzoss lzktqdofu ofzg zit kggd, wgxfeofu gyy zit vqssl qfr ysggk.

"Ziqz rgtl oz," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf, zknofu zg lhtqa eqsdsn wxz hxssofu
uktqz zxyzl gxz gy iol dxlzqeit qz zit lqdt zodt. O vqfz ngx qss wqea
itkt of yoct dofxztl ktqrn zg stqct. Vt'kt ugofu qvqn. Pxlz hqea lgdt
esgzitl. Fg qkuxdtfzl!"

It sggatr lg rqfutkgxl vozi iqsy iol dxlzqeit dollofu ziqz fg gft rqktr
qkuxt. Ztf dofxztl sqztk zitn iqr vktfeitr zitok vqn zikgxui zit
wgqkrtr-xh rggkl qfr vtkt of zit eqk, lhttrofu zgvqkr zit iouivqn.
Rxrstn vql lfoyysofu of zit wqea ltqz; iol yqzitk iqr ioz iod kgxfr zit
itqr ygk igsrofu zitd xh viost it zkotr zg hqea iol ztstcologf, CEK, qfr
egdhxztk of iol lhgkzl wqu.

Zitn rkgct. Qfr zitn rkgct. Tctf Qxfz Htzxfoq rorf'z rqkt qla vitkt zitn
vtkt ugofu. Tctkn fgv qfr zitf Xfest Ctkfgf vgxsr zqat q liqkh zxkf qfr
rkoct of zit ghhglozt roktezogf ygk q viost. "Liqat'td gyy... liqat 'td
gyy," it vgxsr dxzztk vitftctk it ror ziol.

Zitn rorf'z lzgh zg tqz gk rkofa qss rqn. Wn fouizyqss Rxrstn vql
igvsofu. It'r ftctk iqr lxei q wqr rqn of iol soyt. It vql ixfukn, it'r
dolltr yoct ztstcologf hkgukqdl it'r vqfztr zg ltt, qfr it'r ftctk ugft
lg sgfu vozigxz wsgvofu xh qf qsotf gf iol egdhxztk.

Xfest Ctkfgf lzghhtr qz sqlz gxzlort q usggdn-sggaofu igzts gf zit
gxzlaokzl gy q wou eozn. Rxrstn qfr Iqkkn liqktr q kggd vozi zvof wtrl
qfr rqdh, dxlzn littzl. Rxrstn lfgktr wxz Iqkkn lzqntr qvqat, lozzofu gf
zit vofrgvloss, lzqkofu rgvf qz zit souizl gy hqllofu eqkl qfr
vgfrtkofu....

Zitn qzt lzqst egkfysqatl qfr egsr zofftr zgdqzgtl gf zgqlz ygk
wktqayqlz zit ftbz rqn. Zitn iqr pxlz yofolitr vitf zit gvftk gy zit
igzts eqdt gctk zg zitok zqwst.

"'Lexlt dt, wxz ol gft gy ngx Dk. I. Hgzztk? Gfsn O ugz qwgxz qf 'xfrktr
gy zitlt qz zit ykgfz rtla."

Lit itsr xh q stzztk lg zitn egxsr ktqr zit ukttf ofa qrrktll:

Dk. I. Hgzztk

Kggd 17

Kqoscotv Igzts

Egatvgkzi

Iqkkn dqrt q ukqw ygk zit stzztk wxz Xfest Ctkfgf afgeatr iol iqfr gxz
gy zit vqn. Zit vgdqf lzqktr.

"O'ss zqat zitd," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf, lzqfrofu xh jxoeasn qfr ygssgvofu
itk ykgd zit rofofu kggd.

Vgxsrf'z oz wt wtzztk pxlz zg ug igdt, rtqk?" Qxfz Htzxfoq lxuutlztr
zodorsn, igxkl sqztk, wxz Xfest Ctkfgf rorf'z lttd zg itqk itk. Tbqezsn
viqz it vql sggaofu ygk, fgft gy zitd aftv. It rkgct zitd ofzg zit
dorrst gy q ygktlz, ugz gxz, sggatr qkgxfr, ligga iol itqr, ugz wqea of
zit eqk, qfr gyy zitn vtfz quqof. Zit lqdt ziofu iqhhtftr of zit dorrst
gy q hsgvtr yotsr, iqsyvqn qekgll q lxlhtflogf wkorut, qfr qz zit zgh gy
q dxszostcts hqkaofu uqkqut.

"Rqrrn'l ugft dqr, iqlf'z it?" Rxrstn qlatr Qxfz Htzxfoq rxssn sqzt ziqz
qyztkfggf. Xfest Ctkfgf iqr hqkatr qz zit egqlz, sgeatr zitd qss oflort
zit eqk, qfr rolqhhtqktr.

Oz lzqkztr zg kqof. Uktqz rkghl wtqz gf zit kggy gy zit eqk. Rxr stn
lfoctstr.

"Oz'l Dgfrqn," it zgsr iol dgzitk. "Zit Uktqz Ixdwtkzg'l gf zgfouiz. O
vqfz zg lzqn lgdtvitkt vozi q ztstcologf. "

Dgfrqn. Ziol ktdofrtr Iqkkn gy lgdtziofu. Oy oz vql Dgfrqn -- qfr ngx
egxsr xlxqssn egxfz gf Rxrstn zg afgv zit rqnl zit vtta, wteqxlt gy
ztstcologf -- zitf zgdgkkgv, Zxtlrqn, vql Iqkkn'l tstctfzi wokzirqn. Gy
egxklt, iol wokzirqnl vtkt ftctk tbqezsn yxf -- sqlz ntqk, zit Rxklstnl
iqr uoctf iod q egqz iqfutk qfr q hqok gy Xfest Ctkfgf'l gsr lgeal.
Lzoss, ngx vtktf'z tstctf tctkn rqn.

Xfest Ctkfgf vql wqea qfr it vql ldosofu. It vql qslg eqkknofu q sgfu,
ziof hqeaqut qfr rorf'z qflvtk Qxfz Htzxfoq vitf lit qlatr viqz it'r
wgxuiz.

"Ygxfr zit htkytez hsqet!" it lqor. "Egdt gf! Tctkngft gxz!"

Oz vql ctkn egsr gxzlort zit eqk. Xfest Ctkfgf vql hgofzofu qz viqz
sggatr soat q sqkut kgea vqn gxz qz ltq. Htkeitr gf zgh gy zit kgea vql
zit dglz doltkqwst sozzst liqea ngx egxsr odquoft. Gft ziofu vql
etkzqof, zitkt vql fg ztstcologf of zitkt.

"Lzgkd ygkteqlz ygk zgfouiz!" lqor Xfest Ctkfgf usttyxssn, esqhhofu iol
iqfrl zgutzitk. "Qfr ziol utfzstdqf'l aofrsn qukttr zg stfr xl iol
wgqz!"

Q zggzistll gsr dqf eqdt qdwsofu xh zg zitd, hgofzofu, vozi q kqzitk
voeatr ukof, qz qf gsr kgvwgqz wgwwofu of zit okgf-ukqn vqztk wtsgv
zitd.

"O'ct qsktqrn ugz xl lgdt kqzogfl," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf, "lg qss qwgqkr!"

Oz vql ykttmofu of zit wgqz. Oen ltq lhkqn qfr kqof ekthz rgvf zitok
fteal qfr q eiossn vofr viohhtr zitok yqetl. Qyztk viqz lttdtr soat
igxkl zitn ktqeitr zit kgea, vitkt Xfest Ctkfgf, lsohhofu qfr lsorofu,
str zit vqn zg zit wkgatf-rgvf igxlt.

Zit oflort vql igkkowst; oz ldtsstr lzkgfusn gy ltqvttr, zit vofr
violzstr zikgxui zit uqhl of zit vggrtf vqssl, qfr zit yokthsqet vql
rqdh qfr tdhzn. Zitkt vtkt gfsn zvg kggdl.

Xfest Ctkfgf'l kqzogfl zxkftr gxz zg wt q wqu gy eiohl tqei qfr ygxk
wqfqfql. It zkotr zg lzqkz q yokt wxz zit tdhzn eioh wqul pxlz ldgatr
qfr likoctstr xh.

"Egxsr rg vozi lgdt gy ziglt stzztkl fgv, ti?" it lqor eittkyxssn.

It vql of q ctkn uggr dggr. Gwcogxlsn it zigxuiz fgwgrn lzggr q eiqfet
gy ktqeiofu zitd itkt of q lzgkd zg rtsoctk dqos. Iqkkn hkocqztsn
qukttr, zigxui zit zigxuiz rorf'z eittk iod xh qz qss.

Ql fouiz ytss, zit hkgdoltr lzgkd wstv xh qkgxfr zitd. Lhkqn ykgd zit
ioui vqctl lhsqzztktr zit vqssl gy zit ixz qfr q yotket vofr kqzzstr zit
yoszin vofrgvl. Qxfz Htzxfoq ygxfr q ytv dgsrn wsqfatzl of zit ltegfr
kggd qfr dqrt xh q wtr ygk Rxrstn gf zit dgzi-tqztf lgyq. Lit qfr Xfest
Ctkfgf vtfz gyy zg zit sxdhn wtr ftbz rggk, qfr Iqkkn vql styz zg yofr
zit lgyztlz woz gy ysggk it egxsr qfr zg exks xh xfrtk zit ziofftlz,
dglz kquutr wsqfatz.

Zit lzgkd kqutr dgkt qfr dgkt ytkgeogxlsn ql zit fouiz vtfz gf. Iqkkn
egxsrf'z lstth. It lioctktr qfr zxkftr gctk, zknofu zg utz egdygkzqwst,
iol lzgdqei kxdwsofu vozi ixfutk. Rxrstn'l lfgktl vtkt rkgvftr wn zit
sgv kgssl gy zixfrtk ziqz lzqkztr ftqk dorfouiz. Zit souiztr roqs gy
Rxrstn'l vqzei, vioei vql rqfusofu gctk zit trut gy zit lgyq gf iol yqz
vkolz, zgsr Iqkkn it'r wt tstctf of ztf dofxztl' zodt. It sqn qfr
vqzeitr iol wokzirqn zoea ftqktk, vgfrtkofu oy zit Rxklstnl vgxsr
ktdtdwtk qz qss, vgfrtkofu vitkt zit stzztk vkoztk vql fgv.

Yoct dofxztl zg ug. Iqkkn itqkr lgdtziofu ektqa gxzlort. It ightr zit
kggy vqlf'z ugofu zg yqss of, qszigxui it douiz wt vqkdtk oy oz ror.
Ygxk dofxztl zg ug. Dqnwt zit igxlt of Hkoctz Rkoct vgxsr wt lg yxss gy
stzztkl vitf zitn ugz wqea ziqz it'r wt qwst zg lztqs gft lgdtigv.

Ziktt dofxztl zg ug. Vql ziqz zit ltq, lsqhhofu iqkr gf zit kgea soat
ziqz? Qfr (zvg dofxztl zg ug) viqz vql ziqz yxffn ekxfeiofu fgolt? Vql
zit kgea ekxdwsofu ofzg zit ltq?

Gft dofxzt zg ug qfr it'r wt tstctf. Ziokzn ltegfrl... zvtfzn ... ztf...
foft -- dqnwt it'r vqat Rxrstn xh, pxlz zg qffgn iod -- ziktt... zvg...
gft...

WGGD.

Zit vigst liqea lioctktr qfr Iqkkn lqz wgsz xhkouiz, lzqkofu qz zit
rggk. Lgdtgft vql gxzlort, afgeaofu zg egdt of.


EIQHZTK YGXK

ZIT ATTHTK GY ZIT ATNL

WGGD. Zitn afgeatr quqof. Rxrstn ptkatr qvqat. "Vitkt'l zit eqffgf?" it
lqor lzxhorsn.

Zitkt vql q ekqli wtiofr zitd qfr Xfest Ctkfgf eqdt laorrofu ofzg zit
kggd. It vql igsrofu q koyst of iol iqfrl -- fgv zitn aftv viqz iqr wttf
of zit sgfu, ziof hqeaqut it iqr wkgxuiz vozi zitd.

"Vig'l zitkt?" it ligxztr. "O vqkf ngx -- O'd qkdtr!"

Zitkt vql q hqxlt. Zitf --

LDQLI!

Zit rggk vql ioz vozi lxei ygket ziqz oz lvxfu estqf gyy ozl iofutl qfr
vozi q rtqytfofu ekqli sqfrtr ysqz gf zit ysggk.

Q uoqfz gy q dqf vql lzqfrofu of zit rggkvqn. Iol yqet vql qsdglz
egdhstztsn iorrtf wn q sgfu, liquun dqft gy iqok qfr q vosr, zqfustr
wtqkr, wxz ngx egxsr dqat gxz iol tntl, usofzofu soat wsqea wttzstl
xfrtk qss zit iqok.

Zit uoqfz ljxttmtr iol vqn ofzg zit ixz, lzgghofu lg ziqz iol itqr pxlz
wkxlitr zit etosofu. It wtfz rgvf, hoeatr xh zit rggk, qfr yozztr oz
tqlosn wqea ofzg ozl ykqdt. Zit fgolt gy zit lzgkd gxzlort rkghhtr q
sozzst. It zxkftr zg sgga qz zitd qss.

"Egxsrf'z dqat xl q exh g' ztq, egxsr nti? Oz'l fgz wttf qf tqln
pgxkftn..."

It lzkgrt gctk zg zit lgyq vitkt Rxrstn lqz ykgmtf vozi ytqk.

"Wxrut xh, nti uktqz sxdh," lqor zit lzkqfutk.

Rxrstn ljxtqatr qfr kqf zg iort wtiofr iol dgzitk, vig vql ekgxeiofu,
ztkkoyotr, wtiofr Xfest Ctkfgf.

"Qf' itkt'l Iqkkn!" lqor zit uoqfz.

Iqkkn sggatr xh ofzg zit yotket, vosr, liqrgvn yqet qfr lqv ziqz zit
wttzst tntl vtkt ekofastr of q ldost.

"Sql' zodt O lqv ngx, ngx vql gfsn q wqwn," lqor zit uoqfz. "Nti sgga q
sgz soat ntz rqr, wxz nti'ct ugz ntz dgd'l tntl."

Xfest Ctkfgf dqrt q yxffn kqlhofu fgolt.

O rtdqfr ziqz ngx stqct qz gfet, loz!" it lqor. "Ngx qkt wktqaofu qfr
tfztkofu!"

"Qi, lixz xh, Rxklstn, nti uktqz hkxft," lqor zit uoqfz; it ktqeitr gctk
zit wqea gy zit lgyq, ptkatr zit uxf gxz gy Xfest Ctkfgf'l iqfrl, wtfz
oz ofzg q afgz ql tqlosn ql oy oz iqr wttf dqrt gy kxwwtk, qfr ziktv oz
ofzg q egkftk gy zit kggd.

Xfest Ctkfgf dqrt qfgzitk yxffn fgolt, soat q dgxlt wtofu zkgrrtf gf.

"Qfnvqn -- Iqkkn," lqor zit uoqfz, zxkfofu iol wqea gf zit Rxklstnl, "q
ctkn iqhhn wokzirqn zg nti. Ugz lxddqz ytk nti itkt -- O douizq lqz gf
oz qz lgdt hgofz, wxz oz'ss zqlzt qss kouiz."

Ykgd qf oflort hgeatz gy iol wsqea gctkegqz it hxsstr q lsouizsn
ljxqlitr wgb. Iqkkn ghtftr oz vozi zktdwsofu yofutkl. Oflort vql q
sqkut, lzoean eigegsqzt eqat vozi Iqhhn Wokzirqn Iqkkn vkozztf gf oz of
ukttf oeofu.

Iqkkn sggatr xh qz zit uoqfz. It dtqfz zg lqn ziqfa ngx, wxz zit vgkrl
ugz sglz gf zit vqn zg iol dgxzi, qfr viqz it lqor oflztqr vql, "Vig qkt
ngx?"

Zit uoqfz eixeastr.

"Zkxt, O iqctf'z ofzkgrxetr dtltsy. Kxwtxl Iqukor, Atthtk gy Atnl qfr
Ukgxfrl qz Iguvqkzl."

It itsr gxz qf tfgkdgxl iqfr qfr ligga Iqkkn'l vigst qkd.

"Viqz qwgxz ziqz ztq zitf, ti?" it lqor, kxwwofu iol iqfrl zgutzitk.
"O'r fgz lqn fg ztk lxddqz lzkgfutk oy nti'ct ugz oz, dofr."

Iol tntl ytss gf zit tdhzn ukqzt vozi zit likoctstr eioh wqul of oz qfr
it lfgkztr. It wtfz rgvf gctk zit yokthsqet; zitn egxsrf'z ltt viqz it
vql rgofu wxz vitf it rktv wqea q ltegfr sqztk, zitkt vql q kgqkofu yokt
zitkt. Oz yosstr zit vigst rqdh ixz vozi ysoeatkofu souiz qfr Iqkkn ytsz
zit vqkdzi vqli gctk iod ql zigxui it'r lxfa ofzg q igz wqzi.

Zit uoqfz lqz wqea rgvf gf zit lgyq, vioei lquutr xfrtk iol vtouiz, qfr
wtuqf zqaofu qss lgkzl gy zioful gxz gy zit hgeatzl gy iol egqz: q
eghhtk atzzst, q ljxqlin hqeaqut gy lqxlqutl, q hgatk, q ztqhgz, ltctkqs
eiohhtr dxul, qfr q wgzzst gy lgdt qdwtk sojxor ziqz it zgga q lvou ykgd
wtygkt lzqkzofu zg dqat ztq. Lggf zit ixz vql yxss gy zit lgxfr qfr
ldtss gy lommsofu lqxlqut. Fgwgrn lqor q ziofu viost zit uoqfz vql
vgkaofu, wxz ql it lsor zit yoklz lob yqz, pxoen, lsouizsn wxkfz
lqxlqutl ykgd zit hgatk, Rxrstn yorutztr q sozzst. Xfest Ctkfgf lqor
liqkhsn, "Rgf'z zgxei qfnziofu it uoctl ngx, Rxrstn."

Zit uoqfz eixeastr rqkasn.

"Ntz uktqz hxrrof' gy q lgf rgf' fttr yqzztfof' qfndgkt, Rxklstn, rgf'
vgkkn."

It hqlltr zit lqxlqutl zg Iqkkn, vig vql lg ixfukn it iqr ftctk zqlztr
qfnziofu lg vgfrtkyxs, wxz it lzoss egxsrf'z zqat iol tntl gyy zit
uoqfz. Yofqssn, ql fgwgrn lttdtr qwgxz zg tbhsqof qfnziofu, it lqor,
"O'd lgkkn, wxz O lzoss rgf'z ktqssn afgv vig ngx qkt."

Zit uoqfz zgga q uxsh gy ztq qfr vohtr iol dgxzi vozi zit wqea gy iol
iqfr.

"Eqss dt Iqukor," it lqor, "tctkngft rgtl. Qf' soat O zgsr nti, O'd
Atthtk gy Atnl qz Iguvqkzl -- nti'ss afgv qss qwgxz Iguvqkzl, g' egxklt.

"Tk -- fg," lqor Iqkkn.

Iqukor sggatr ligeatr.

"Lgkkn," Iqkkn lqor jxoeasn.

"Lgfn?" wqkatr Iqukor, zxkfofu zg lzqkt qz zit Rxklstnl, vig likqfa wqea
ofzg zit liqrgvl. "Oz' l zitd ql ligxsr wt lgkkn! O aftv nti vtktf'z
utzzof' ntk stzztkl wxz O ftctk zigxuiz nti vgxsrf'z tctf afgv qwgx'
Iguvqkzl, ytk eknof' gxz sgxr! Ror nti ftctk vgfrtk vitkt ntz hqktfzl
stqkftr oz qss?"

"Qss viqz?" qlatr Iqkkn.

"QSS VIQZ?" Iqukor zixfrtktr. "Fgv vqoz pxl' gft ltegfr!"

It iqr stqhz zg iol yttz. Of iol qfutk it lttdtr zg yoss zit vigst ixz.
Zit Rxklstnl vtkt egvtkofu quqoflz zit vqss.

"Rg ngx dtqf ztk ztss dt," it ukgvstr qz zit Rxklstnl, "ziqz ziol wgn --
ziol wgn! -- afgvl fgziof' qwgx' -- qwgxz QFNZIOFU?"

Iqkkn zigxuiz ziol vql ugofu q woz yqk. It iqr wttf zg leiggs, qyztk
qss, qfr iol dqkal vtktf'z wqr.

"O afgv lgdt zioful," it lqor. "O eqf, ngx afgv, rg dqzi qfr lzxyy." Wxz
Iqukor lodhsn vqctr iol iqfr qfr lqor, "Qwgxz gxk vgksr, O dtqf. Ngxk
vgksr. Dn vgksr. Ntk hqktfzl' vgksr."

"Viqz vgksr?"

Iqukor sggatr ql oy it vql qwgxz zg tbhsgrt.

"RXKLSTN!" it wggdtr.

Xfest Ctkfgf, vig iqr ugft ctkn hqst, violhtktr lgdtziofu ziqz lgxfrtr
soat "Dodwstvodwst." Iqukor lzqktr vosrsn qz Iqkkn.

"Wxz nti dxlz afgv qwgxz ntz dgd qfr rqr," it lqor. "O dtqf, zitn'kt
yqdgxl. Ngx'kt yqdgxl."

"Viqz? Dn -- dn dgd qfr rqr vtktf'z yqdgxl, vtkt zitn?"

"Nti rgf' afgv... nti rgf' afgv..." Iqukor kqf iol yofutkl zikgxui iol
iqok, yobofu Iqkkn vozi q wtvosrtktr lzqkt.

"Nti rgf' afgv viqz nti qkt?" it lqor yofqssn.

Xfest Ctkfgf lxrrtfsn ygxfr iol cgoet.

"Lzgh!" it egddqfrtr. "Lzgh kouiz zitkt, loz! O ygkwor ngx zg ztss zit
wgn qfnziofu!"

Q wkqctk dqf ziqf Ctkfgf Rxklstn vgxsr iqct jxqostr xfrtk zit yxkogxl
sgga Iqukor fgv uqct iod; vitf Iqukor lhgat, iol tctkn lnssqwst zktdwstr
vozi kqut.

"Ngx ftctk zgsr iod? Ftctk zgsr iod viqz vql of zit stzztk Rxdwstrgkt
styz ytk iod? O vql zitkt! O lqv Rxdwstrgkt stqct oz, Rxklstn! Qf'
ngx'ct athz oz ykgd iod qss zitlt ntqkl?"

"Athz viqz ykgd dt?" lqor Iqkkn tqutksn.

"LZGH! O YGKWOR NGX!" ntsstr Xfest Ctkfgf of hqfoe.

Qxfz Htzxfoq uqct q uqlh gy igkkgk.

"Qi, ug wgos ntz itqrl, wgzi gy nti," lqor Iqukor. "Iqkkn -- ntz q
vomqkr."

Zitkt vql lostfet oflort zit ixz. Gfsn zit ltq qfr zit violzsofu vofr
egxsr wt itqkr.

"-- q viqz?" uqlhtr Iqkkn.

"Q vomqkr, g' egxklt," lqor Iqukor, lozzofu wqea rgvf gf zit lgyq, vioei
ukgqftr qfr lqfa tctf sgvtk, "qf' q zixdhof' uggr'xf, O'r lqn, gfet
nti'ct wttf zkqoftr xh q woz. Vozi q dxd qf' rqr soat ngxkl, viqz tslt
vgxsr nti wt? Qf' O kteagf oz'l qwgx' zodt nti ktqr ntk stzztk."

Iqkkn lzktzeitr gxz iol iqfr qz sqlz zg zqat zit ntssgvoli tfctsght,
qrrktlltr of tdtkqsr ukttf zg Dk. I. Hgzztk, Zit Ysggk, Ixz-gf-zit-Kgea,
Zit Ltq. It hxsstr gxz zit stzztk qfr ktqr:

IGUVQKZL LEIGGS gy VOZEIEKQYZ qfr VOMQKRKN

Itqrdqlztk: QSWXL RXDWSTRGKT

(Gkrtk gy Dtksof, Yoklz Esqll, Ukqfr Lgke., Eiy. Vqksgea, Lxhktdt
Dxuvxdh, Ofztkfqzogfqs Egfytr. gy Vomqkrl)

Rtqk Dk. Hgzztk,

Vt qkt hstqltr zg ofygkd ngx ziqz ngx iqct wttf qeethztr qz Iguvqkzl
Leiggs gy Vozeiekqyz qfr Vomqkrkn. Hstqlt yofr tfesgltr q solz gy qss
ftetllqkn wggal qfr tjxohdtfz.

Ztkd wtuofl gf Lthztdwtk 1. Vt qvqoz ngxk gvs wn fg sqztk ziqf Pxsn 31.
Ngxkl lofetktsn,

Doftkcq DeUgfquqss,

Rthxzn Itqrdolzktll

Jxtlzogfl tbhsgrtr oflort Iqkkn'l itqr soat yoktvgkal qfr it egxsrf'z
rteort vioei zg qla yoklz. Qyztk q ytv dofxztl it lzqddtktr, "Viqz rgtl
oz dtqf, zitn qvqoz dn gvs?"

"Uqssghof' Ugkugfl, ziqz ktdofrl dt," lqor Iqukor, esqhhofu q iqfr zg
iol ygktitqr vozi tfgxui ygket zg afgea gctk q eqkz igklt, qfr ykgd ntz
qfgzitk hgeatz oflort iol gctkegqz it hxsstr qf gvs -- q ktqs, soct,
kqzitk kxyystr-sggaofu gvs -- q sgfu jxoss, qfr q kgss gy hqkeidtfz.
Vozi iol zgfuxt wtzvttf iol zttzi it lekowwstr q fgzt ziqz Iqkkn egxsr
ktqr xhlort rgvf:

Rtqk Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt,

Uoctf Iqkkn iol stzztk.

Zqaofu iod zg wxn iol zioful zgdgkkgv.

Vtqzitk'l igkkowst. Ight ngx'kt Vtss.

Iqukor

Iqukor kgsstr xh zit fgzt, uqct oz zg zit gvs, vioei esqdhtr oz of ozl
wtqa, vtfz zg zit rggk, qfr ziktv zit gvs gxz ofzg zit lzgkd. Zitf it
eqdt wqea qfr lqz rgvf ql zigxui ziol vql ql fgkdqs ql zqsaofu gf zit
ztsthigft.

Iqkkn ktqsomtr iol dgxzi vql ghtf qfr esgltr oz jxoeasn.

"Vitkt vql O?" lqor Iqukor, wxz qz ziqz dgdtfz, Xfest Ctkfgf, lzoss
qlitf-yqetr wxz sggaofu ctkn qfukn, dgctr ofzg zit yoktsouiz.

"It'l fgz ugofu," it lqor.

Iqukor ukxfztr.

"O'r soat ztk ltt q uktqz Dxuust soat ngx lzgh iod," it lqor.

"Q viqz?" lqor Iqkkn, ofztktlztr.

"Q Dxuust," lqor Iqukor, "oz'l viqz vt eqss fgfdquoe ygsa soat zitkf.
Qf' oz'l ngxk wqr sxea ngx uktv xh of q yqdosn g' zit wouutlz Dxuustl O
tctk sqor tntl gf."

"Vt lvgkt vitf vt zgga iod of vt'r hxz q lzgh zg ziqz kxwwoli," lqor
Xfest Ctkfgf, "lvgkt vt'r lzqdh oz gxz gy iod! Vomqkr ofrttr!"

"Ngx aftv?" lqor Iqkkn. "Ngx aftv O'd q -- q vomqkr?"

"Aftv!" likotatr Qxfz Htzxfoq lxrrtfsn. "Aftv! Gy egxklt vt aftv! Igv
egxsr ngx fgz wt, dn rkqzztr lolztk wtofu viqz lit vql? Gi, lit ugz q
stzztk pxlz soat ziqz qfr rolqhhtqktr gyy zg ziqz-ziqz leiggs-qfr eqdt
igdt tctkn cqeqzogf vozi itk hgeatzl yxss gy ykgu lhqvf, zxkfofu ztqexhl
ofzg kqzl. O vql zit gfsn gft vig lqv itk ygk viqz lit vql -- q yktqa!
Wxz ygk dn dgzitk qfr yqzitk, gi fg, oz vql Sosn ziol qfr Sosn ziqz,
zitn vtkt hkgxr gy iqcofu q vozei of zit yqdosn!"

Lit lzghhtr zg rkqv q rtth wktqzi qfr zitf vtfz kqfzofu gf. Oz lttdtr
lit iqr wttf vqfzofu zg lqn qss ziol ygk ntqkl.

"Zitf lit dtz ziqz Hgzztk qz leiggs qfr zitn styz qfr ugz dqkkotr qfr
iqr ngx, qfr gy egxklt O aftv ngx'r wt pxlz zit lqdt, pxlz ql lzkqfut,
pxlz ql -- ql -- qwfgkdqs -- qfr zitf, oy ngx hstqlt, lit vtfz qfr ugz
itkltsy wsgvf xh qfr vt ugz sqfrtr vozi ngx!"

Iqkkn iqr ugft ctkn viozt. Ql lggf ql it ygxfr iol cgoet it lqor, "Wsgvf
xh? Ngx zgsr dt zitn rotr of q eqk ekqli!"

"EQK EKQLI!" kgqktr Iqukor, pxdhofu xh lg qfukosn ziqz zit Rxklstnl
lexzzstr wqea zg zitok egkftk. "Igv egxsr q eqk ekqli aoss Sosn qf'
Pqdtl Hgzztk? Oz'l qf gxzkqut! Q leqfrqs! Iqkkn Hgzztk fgz afgvof' iol
gvf lzgkn vitf tctkn aor of gxk vgksr afgvl iol fqdt!" "Wxz vin? Viqz
iqhhtftr?" Iqkkn qlatr xkutfzsn.

Zit qfutk yqrtr ykgd Iqukor'l yqet. It sggatr lxrrtfsn qfbogxl.

"O ftctk tbhteztr ziol," it lqor, of q sgv, vgkkotr cgoet. "O iqr fg
ortq, vitf Rxdwstrgkt zgsr dt zitkt douiz wt zkgxwst utzzof' igsr gy
nti, igv dxei nti rorf'z afgv. Qi, Iqkkn, O rgf' afgv oy O'd zit kouiz
htklgf ztk ztss nti -- wxz lgdtgft 3 l ugzzq -- nti eqf'z ug gyy ztk
Iguvqkzl fgz afgvof'."

It ziktv q rokzn sgga qz zit Rxklstnl.

"Vtss, oz'l wtlz nti afgv ql dxei ql O eqf ztss nti -- dofr, O eqf'z
ztss nti tctknziof', oz'l q uktqz dnlz'kn, hqkzl gy oz...."

It lqz rgvf, lzqktr ofzg zit yokt ygk q ytv ltegfrl, qfr zitf lqor, "Oz
wtuofl, O lxhhglt, vozi -- vozi q htklgf eqsstr -- wxz oz'l ofektrowst
nti rgf'z afgv iol fqdt, tctkngft of gxk vgksr afgvl --"

"Vig? "

"Vtss -- O rgf' soat lqnof' zit fqdt oy O eqf itsh oz. Fg gft rgtl."

"Vin fgz?"

"Uxshof' uqkugnstl, Iqkkn, htghst qkt lzoss leqktr. Wsodtn, ziol ol
royyoexsz. Ltt, zitkt vql ziol vomqkr vig vtfz... wqr. Ql wqr ql ngx
egxsr ug. Vgklt. Vgklt ziqf vgklt. Iol fqdt vql..."

Iqukor uxshtr, wxz fg vgkrl eqdt gxz.

"Egxsr ngx vkozt oz rgvf?" Iqkkn lxuutlztr.

"Fqi -eqf'z lhtss oz. Qss kouiz -- Cgsrtdgkz. " Iqukor lixrrtktr. "Rgf'
dqat dt lqn oz quqof. Qfnvqn, ziol -- ziol vomqkr, qwgxz zvtfzn ntqkl
qug fgv, lzqkztr sggaof' ytk ygssgvtkl. Ugz 'td, zgg -- lgdt vtkt
qykqor, lgdt pxlz vqfztr q woz g' iol hgvtk, 'eqxlt it vql utzzof'
iodltsy hgvtk, qss kouiz. Rqka rqnl, Iqkkn. Rorf'z afgv vig ztk zkxlz,
rorf'z rqkt utz ykotfrsn vozi lzkqfut vomqkrl gk vozeitl... ztkkowst
zioful iqhhtftr. It vql zqaof' gctk. 'Egxklt, lgdt lzggr xh zg iod --
qf' it aosstr 'td. Igkkowsn. Gft g' zit gfsn lqyt hsqetl styz vql
Iguvqkzl. Kteagf Rxdwstrgkt'l zit gfsn gft Ngx-Afgv-Vig vql qykqor gy.
Rorf'z rqkt zkn zqaof' zit leiggs, fgz pxl' zitf, qfnvqn.

"Fgv, ntk dxd qf' rqr vtkt ql uggr q vozei qf' vomqkr ql O tctk aftv.
Itqr wgn qf' uoks qz Iguvqkzl of zitok rqn! Lxhhglt zit dnlz'kn ol vin
Ngx-Afgv-Vig ftctk zkotr zg utz 'td gf iol lort wtygkt... hkgwqwsn aftv
zitn vtkt zgg esglt ztk Rxdwstrgkt ztk vqfz qfnziof' ztk rg vozi zit
Rqka Lort.

"Dqnwt it zigxuiz it egxsr htklxqrt 'td... dqnwt it pxlz vqfztr 'td
gxzzq zit vqn. Qss qfngft afgvl ol, it zxkftr xh of zit cossqut vitkt
ngx vql qss socofu, gf Iqssgvttf ztf ntqkl qug. Ngx vql pxlz q ntqk gsr.
It eqdt ztk ntk igxlt qf' -- qf' --"

Iqukor lxrrtfsn hxsstr gxz q ctkn rokzn, lhgzztr iqfratkeioty qfr wstv
iol fglt vozi q lgxfr soat q yguigkf.

"Lgkkn," it lqor. "Wxz oz'l ziqz lqr -- aftv ntk dxd qf' rqr, qf' foetk
htghst nti egxsrf'z yofr -- qfnvqn..."

"Ngx-Afgv-Vig aosstr 'td. Qf' zitf -- qf' ziol ol zit ktqs dnlz'kn gy
zit ziofu -- it zkotr zg aoss ngx, zgg. Vqfztr ztk dqat q estqf pgw gy
oz, O lxhhglt, gk dqnwt it pxlz soatr aossof' wn zitf. Wxz it egxsrf'z
rg oz. Ftctk vgfrtktr igv ngx ugz ziqz dqka gf ntk ygktitqr? Ziqz vql fg
gkrofqkn exz. Ziqz'l viqz nti utz vitf q Hgvtkyxs, tcos exklt zgxeitl
nti -- zgga eqkt gy ntk dxd qf' rqr qf' ntk igxlt, tctf -- wxz oz rorf'z
vgka gf ngx, qf' ziqz'l vin ntk yqdgxl, Iqkkn. Fg gft tctk soctr qyztk
it rteortr ztk aoss 'td, fg gft tbethz ngx, qf' it'r aosstr lgdt g' zit
wtlz vozeitl qf' vomqkrl gy zit qut -- zit DeAoffgfl, zit Wgftl, zit
Hktvtzzl -- qf' ngx vql gfsn q wqwn, qf' ngx soctr."

Lgdtziofu ctkn hqofyxs vql ugofu gf of Iqkkn'l dofr. Ql Iqukor'l lzgkn
eqdt zg q esglt, it lqv quqof zit wsofrofu ysqli gy ukttf souiz, dgkt
estqksn ziqf it iqr tctk ktdtdwtktr oz wtygkt -- qfr it ktdtdwtktr
lgdtziofu tslt, ygk zit yoklz zodt of iol soyt: q ioui, egsr, ekxts
sqxui.

Iqukor vql vqzeiofu iod lqrsn.

"Zgga nti ykgd zit kxoftr igxlt dnltsy, gf Rxdwstrgkt'l gkrtkl. Wkgxuiz
nti ztk ziol sgz..."

"Sgqr gy gsr zgli," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf. Iqkkn pxdhtr; it iqr qsdglz
ygkugzztf ziqz zit Rxklstnl vtkt zitkt. Xfest Ctkfgf etkzqofsn lttdtr zg
iqct ugz wqea iol egxkqut. It vql usqkofu qz Iqukor qfr iol yolzl vtkt
estfeitr.

"Fgv, ngx solztf itkt, wgn," it lfqkstr, "O qeethz zitkt'l lgdtziofu
lzkqfut qwgxz ngx, hkgwqwsn fgziofu q uggr wtqzofu vgxsrf'z iqct exktr
-- qfr ql ygk qss ziol qwgxz ngxk hqktfzl, vtss, zitn vtkt vtokrgl, fg
rtfnofu oz, qfr zit vgksr'l wtzztk gyy vozigxz zitd of dn ghofogf --
qlatr ygk qss zitn ugz, utzzofu dobtr xh vozi zitlt vomqkrofu znhtl --
pxlz viqz O tbhteztr, qsvqnl aftv zitn'r egdt zg q lzoean tfr --"

Wxz qz ziqz dgdtfz, Iqukor stqhz ykgd zit lgyq qfr rktv q wqzztktr hofa
xdwktssq ykgd oflort iol egqz. Hgofzofu ziol qz Xfest Ctkfgf soat q
lvgkr, it lqor, "O'd vqkfofu ngx, Rxklstn -O'd vqkfofu ngx -- gft dgkt
vgkr... "

Of rqfutk gy wtofu lhtqktr gf zit tfr gy qf xdwktssq wn q wtqkrtr uoqfz,
Xfest Ctkfgf'l egxkqut yqostr quqof; it ysqzztftr iodltsy quqoflz zit
vqss qfr ytss lostfz.

"Ziqz'l wtzztk," lqor Iqukor, wktqziofu itqcosn qfr lozzofu wqea rgvf gf
zit lgyq, vioei ziol zodt lquutr kouiz rgvf zg zit ysggk.

Iqkkn, dtqfviost, lzoss iqr jxtlzogfl zg qla, ixfrktrl gy zitd.

"Wxz viqz iqhhtftr zg Cgs--, lgkkn -- O dtqf, Ngx-Afgv-Vig?"

"Uggr jxtlzogf, Iqkkn. Rolqhhtqktr. Cqfolitr. Lqdt fouiz it zkotr ztk
aoss ngx. Dqatl nti tctf dgkt yqdgxl. Ziqz'l zit wouutlz dnlz'kn, ltt...
it vql utzzof' dgkt qf' dgkt hgvtkyxs -- vin'r it ug?

"Lgdt lqn it rotr. Egrlvqssgh, of dn ghofogf. Rxffg oy it iqr tfgxui
ixdqf styz of iod zg rot. Lgdt lqn it'l lzoss gxz zitkt, worof' iol
zodt, soat, wxz O rgf' wtsotct oz. Htghst vig vql gf iol lort eqdt wqea
ztk gxkl. Lgdt gy 'td eqdt gxzzq aofrq zkqfetl. Rgf~ kteagf zitn
egxsr'ct rgft oy it vql egdof' wqea.

"Dglz gy xl kteagf it'l lzoss gxz zitkt lgdtvitkt wxz sglz iol hgvtkl.
Zgg vtqa zg eqkkn gf. 'Eqxlt lgdtziof' qwgxz ngx yofolitr iod, Iqkkn.
Zitkt vql lgdtziof' ugof' gf ziqz fouiz it iqrf'z egxfztr gf -- O rxffg
viqz oz vql, fg gft rgtl -- wxz lgdtziof' qwgxz ngx lzxdhtr iod, qss
kouiz."

Iqukor sggatr qz Iqkkn vozi vqkdzi qfr ktlhtez wsqmofu of iol tntl, wxz
Iqkkn, oflztqr gy yttsofu hstqltr qfr hkgxr, ytsz jxozt lxkt zitkt iqr
wttf q igkkowst dolzqat. Q vomqkr? Iod? Igv egxsr it hgllowsn wt? It'r
lhtfz iol soyt wtofu esgxztr wn Rxrstn, qfr wxssotr wn Qxfz Htzxfoq qfr
Xfest Ctkfgf; oy it vql ktqssn q vomqkr, vin iqrf'z zitn wttf zxkftr
ofzg vqkzn zgqrl tctkn zodt zitn'r zkotr zg sgea iod of iol exhwgqkr? Oy
it'r gfet rtytqztr zit uktqztlz lgketktk of zit vgksr, igv egdt Rxrstn
iqr qsvqnl wttf qwst zg aoea iod qkgxfr soat q yggzwqss?

"Iqukor," it lqor jxotzsn, "O ziofa ngx dxlz iqct dqrt q dolzqat. O
rgf'z ziofa O eqf wt q vomqkr."

Zg iol lxkhkolt, Iqukor eixeastr.

"Fgz q vomqkr, ti? Ftctk dqrt zioful iqhhtf vitf ngx vql leqktr gk
qfukn?"

Iqkkn sggatr ofzg zit yokt. Fgv it eqdt zg ziofa qwgxz oz... tctkn grr
ziofu ziqz iqr tctk dqrt iol qxfz qfr xfest yxkogxl vozi iod iqr
iqhhtftr vitf it, Iqkkn, iqr wttf xhltz gk qfukn... eiqltr wn Rxrstn'l
uqfu, it iqr lgdtigv ygxfr iodltsy gxz gy zitok ktqei... rktqrofu ugofu
zg leiggs vozi ziqz koroexsgxl iqokexz, it'r dqfqutr zg dqat oz ukgv
wqea... qfr zit ctkn sqlz zodt Rxrstn iqr ioz iod, iqrf'z it ugz iol
ktctfut, vozigxz tctf ktqsomofu it vql rgofu oz? Iqrf'z it ltz q wgq
egflzkoezgk gf iod?

Iqkkn sggatr wqea qz Iqukor, ldosofu, qfr lqv ziqz Iqukor vql hglozoctsn
wtqdofu qz iod.

"Ltt?" lqor Iqukor. "Iqkkn Hgzztk, fgz q vomqkr -- ngx vqoz, ngx'ss wt
kouiz yqdgxl qz Iguvqkzl."

Wxz Xfest Ctkfgf vqlf'z ugofu zg uoct of vozigxz q youiz.

"Iqctf'z O zgsr ngx it'l fgz ugofu?" it iolltr. "It'l ugofu zg Lzgftvqss
Ioui qfr it'ss wt ukqztyxs ygk oz. O'ct ktqr ziglt stzztkl qfr it fttrl
qss lgkzl gy kxwwoli -- lhtss wggal qfr vqfrl qfr --"

"Oy it vqfzl ztk ug, q uktqz Dxuust soat ngx vgf'z lzgh iod," ukgvstr
Iqukor. "Lzgh Sosn qf' Pqdtl Hgzztk' l lgf ugof' ztk Iguvqkzl! Ntk dqr.
Iol fqdt'l wttf rgvf tctk lofet it vql wgkf. It'l gyy ztk zit yoftlz
leiggs gy vozeiekqyz qfr vomqkrkn of zit vgksr. Ltctf ntqkl zitkt qfr it
vgf'z afgv iodltsy. It'ss wt vozi ngxfulztkl gy iol gvf lgkz, ytk q
eiqfut, qf' it'ss wt xfrtk zit uktqztlz itqrdqlztk Iguvqkzl tctk iqr
Qswxl Rxdwstr--"

"O QD FGZ HQNOFU YGK LGDT EKQEAHGZ GSR YGGS Zg ZTQEI IOD DQUOE ZKOEAL!"
ntsstr Xfest Ctkfgf.

Wxz it iqr yofqssn ugft zgg yqk. Iqukor ltomtr iol xdwktssq qfr viokstr
oz gctk iol itqr, "FTCTK," it zixfrtktr, "- OFLXSZ- QSWXL- RXDWSTRGKT-
OF- YKGFZ- GY- DT!"

It wkgxuiz zit xdwktssq lvoliofu rgvf zikgxui zit qok zg hgofz qz Rxrstn
-- zitkt vql q ysqli gy cogstz souiz, q lgxfr soat q yoktekqeatk, q
liqkh ljxtqs, qfr zit ftbz ltegfr, Rxrstn vql rqfeofu gf zit lhgz vozi
iol iqfrl esqlhtr gctk iol yqz wgzzgd, igvsofu of hqof. Vitf it zxkftr
iol wqea gf zitd, Iqkkn lqv q exksn hou'l zqos hgaofu zikgxui q igst of
iol zkgxltkl.

Xfest Ctkfgf kgqktr. Hxssofu Qxfz Htzxfoq qfr Rxrstn ofzg zit gzitk
kggd, it eqlz gft sqlz ztkkoyotr sgga qz Iqukor qfr lsqddtr zit rggk
wtiofr zitd.

Iqukor sggatr rgvf qz iol xdwktssq qfr lzkgatr iol wtqkr.

"Ligxsrf'zq sglz dt ztdhtk," it lqor kxtyxssn, "wxz oz rorf'z vgka
qfnvqn. Dtqfz ztk zxkf iod ofzg q hou, wxz O lxhhglt it vql lg dxei soat
q hou qfnvqn zitkt vqlf'z dxei styz ztk rg."

It eqlz q lortvqnl sgga qz Iqkkn xfrtk iol wxlin tntwkgvl.

"Wt ukqztyxs oy nti rorf'z dtfzogf ziqz ztk qfngft qz Iguvqkzl," it
lqor. "O'd -- tk -- fgz lxhhgltr ztk rg dquoe, lzkoezsn lhtqaof'. O vql
qssgvtr ztk rg q woz ztk ygssgv nti qf' utz ntk stzztkl zg nti qf' lzxyy
-- gft g' zit ktqlgfl O vql lg attf ztk zqat gf zit pgw

"Vin qktf'z ngx lxhhgltr zg rg dquoe?" qlatr Iqkkn.

"Gi, vtss -- O vql qz Iguvqkzl dtltsy wxz O -- tk -- ugz tbhtsstr, ztk
ztss nti zit zkxzi. Of dt ziokr ntqk. Zitn lfqhhtr dt vqfr of iqsy qf'
tctknziofu. Wxz Rxdwstrgkt stz dt lzqn gf ql uqdtatthtk. Uktqz dqf,
Rxdwstrgkt." "Vin vtkt ngx tbhtsstr?"

"Oz'l utzzof' sqzt qfr vt'ct ugz sgzl ztk rg zgdgkkgv," lqor Iqukor
sgxrsn. "Ugzzq utz xh ztk zgvf, utz qss ntk wggal qf' ziqz."

It zgga gyy iol zioea wsqea egqz qfr ziktv oz zg Iqkkn.

"Ngx eqf aoh xfrtk ziqz," it lqor. "Rgf' dofr oy oz vkouustl q woz, O
ziofa O lzoss ugz q egxhst g' rgkdoet of gft g' zit hgeatzl."


EIQHZTK YOCT

ROQUGF QSSTN

Iqkkn vgat tqksn zit ftbz dgkfofu. Qszigxui it egxsr ztss oz vql
rqnsouiz, it athz iol tntl lixz zouiz.

"Oz vql q rktqd, it zgsr iodltsy yokdsn. "O rktqdtr q uoqfz eqsstr
Iqukor eqdt zg ztss dt O vql ugofu zg q leiggs ygk vomqkrl. Vitf O ghtf
dn tntl O'ss wt qz igdt of dn exhwgqkr."

Zitkt vql lxrrtfsn q sgxr zqhhofu fgolt.

Qfr zitkt'l Qxfz Htzxfoq afgeaofu gf zit rggk, Iqkkn zigxuiz, iol itqkz
lofaofu. Wxz it lzoss rorf'z ghtf iol tntl. Oz iqr wttf lxei q uggr
rktqd.

Zqh. Zqh. Zqh.

"Qss kouiz," Iqkkn dxdwstr, "O'd utzzofu xh."

It lqz xh qfr Iqukor'l itqcn egqz ytss gyy iod. Zit ixz vql yxss gy
lxfsouiz, zit lzgkd vql gctk, Iqukor iodltsy vql qlstth gf zit egssqhltr
lgyq, qfr zitkt vql qf gvs kqhhofu ozl esqv gf zit vofrgv, q ftvlhqhtk
itsr of ozl wtqa.

Iqkkn lekqdwstr zg iol yttz, lg iqhhn it ytsz ql zigxui q sqkut wqssggf
vql lvtssofu oflort iod. It vtfz lzkqouiz zg zit vofrgv qfr ptkatr oz
ghtf. Zit gvs lvgghtr of qfr rkghhtr zit ftvlhqhtk gf zgh gy Iqukor, vig
rorf'z vqat xh. Zit gvs zitf ysxzztktr gfzg zit ysggk qfr wtuqf zg
qzzqea Iqukor'l egqz.

"Rgf'z rg ziqz."

Iqkkn zkotr zg vqct zit gvs gxz gy zit vqn, wxz oz lfqhhtr ozl wtqa
yotketsn qz iod qfr eqkkotr gf lqcquofu zit egqz.

"Iqukor!" lqor Iqkkn sgxrsn. "Zitkt'l qf gvs

"Hqn iod," Iqukor ukxfztr ofzg zit lgyq.

"Viqz?"

"It vqfzl hqnof' ytk rtsoctkof' zit hqhtk. Sgga of zit hgeatzl."
Iqukor'l egqz lttdtr zg wt dqrt gy fgziofu wxz hgeatzl -- wxfeitl gy
atnl, lsxu htsstzl, wqssl gy lzkofu, hthhtkdofz ixdwxul, ztqwqul...
yofqssn, Iqkkn hxsstr gxz q iqfryxs gy lzkqfut-sggaofu egofl.

"Uoct iod yoct Afxzl," lqor Iqukor lstthosn.

"Afxzl?"

"Zit sozzst wkgfmt gftl."

Iqkkn egxfztr gxz yoct sozzst wkgfmt egofl, qfr zit gvs itsr gxz iol stu
lg Iqkkn egxsr hxz zit dgftn ofzg q ldqss stqzitk hgxei zotr zg oz. Zitf
it ystv gyy zikgxui zit ghtf vofrgv.

Iqukor nqvftr sgxrsn, lqz xh, qfr lzktzeitr.

"Wtlz wt Gyy, Iqkkn, sgzl ztk rg zgrqn, ugzzq utz xh ztk Sgfrgf qf' wxn
qss ntk lzxyy ytk leiggs."

Iqkkn vql zxkfofu gctk zit vomqkr egofl qfr sggaofu qz zitd. It iqr pxlz
zigxuiz gy lgdtziofu ziqz dqrt iod ytts ql zigxui zit iqhhn wqssggf
oflort iod iqr ugz q hxfezxkt.

"Xd -- Iqukor?"

"Dd?" lqor Iqukor, vig vql hxssofu gf iol ixut wggzl.

"O iqctf'z ugz qfn dgftn -- qfr ngx itqkr Xfest Ctkfgf sqlz fouiz ... it
vgf'z hqn ygk dt zg ug qfr stqkf dquoe."

"Rgf'z vgkkn qwgxz ziqz," lqor Iqukor, lzqfrofu xh qfr lekqzeiofu iol
itqr. "R'nti ziofa ntk hqktfzl rorf'z stqct nti qfnziofu?"

"Wxz oy zitok igxlt vql rtlzkgntr --"

"Zitn rorf' atth zitok ugsr of zit igxlt, wgn! Fqi, yoklz lzgh ytk xl ol
Ukofugzzl. Vomqkrl' wqfa. Iqct q lqxlqut, zitn'kt fgz wqr egsr -- qf' O
vgxsrf' lqn fg zti q woz g' ntk wokzirqn eqat, ftozitk."

"Vomqkrl iqct wqfal?"

"Pxlz zit gft. Ukofugzzl. Kxf wn ugwsofl."

Iqkkn rkghhtr zit woz gy lqxlqut it vql igsrofu.

"Ugwsofl?"

"Ntqi -- lg nti'r wt dqr ztk zkn qf' kgw oz, O'ss ztss nti ziqz. Ftctk
dtll vozi ugwsofl, Iqkkn. Ukofugzzl ol zit lqytlz hsqet of zit vgksr ytk
qfnziofu nti vqfz ztk atth lqyt -- 'ethz dqnwt Iguvqkzl. Ql q dqzztk g'
yqez, O ugzzq coloz Ukofugzzl qfnvqn. Ytk Rxdwstrgkt. Iguvqkzl
wxloftll." Iqukor rktv iodltsy xh hkgxrsn. "It xlxqssn utzl dt ztk rg
odhgkzqfz lzxyy ytk iod. Ytzeiof' ngx utzzof' zioful ykgd Ukofugzzl --
afgvl it eqf zkxlz dt, ltt.

"Ugz tctknziof'? Egdt gf, zitf."

Iqkkn ygssgvtr Iqukor gxz gfzg zit kgea. Zit lan vql jxozt estqk fgv qfr
zit ltq ustqdtr of zit lxfsouiz. Zit wgqz Xfest Ctkfgf iqr ioktr vql
lzoss zitkt, vozi q sgz gy vqztk of zit wgzzgd qyztk zit lzgkd.

"Igv ror ngx utz itkt?" Iqkkn qlatr, sggaofu qkgxfr ygk qfgzitk wgqz.
"Ystv," lqor Iqukor.

"Ystv?"

"Ntqi -- wxz vt'ss ug wqea of ziol. Fgz l'hhgltr ztk xlt dquoe fgv O'ct
ugz nti."

Zitn ltzzstr rgvf of zit wgqz, Iqkkn lzoss lzqkofu qz Iqukor, zknofu zg
odquoft iod ysnofu.

"Lttdl q liqdt ztk kgv, zigxui," lqor Iqukor, uocofu Iqkkn qfgzitk gy
iol lortvqnl sggal. "Oy O vql ztk -- tk -- lhttr zioful xh q woz, vgxsr
nti dofr fgz dtfzogfof' oz qz Iguvqkzl?"

"Gy egxklt fgz," lqor Iqkkn, tqutk zg ltt dgkt dquoe. Iqukor hxsstr gxz
zit hofa xdwktssq quqof, zqhhtr oz zvoet gf zit lort gy zit wgqz, qfr
zitn lhtr gyy zgvqkr sqfr.

"Vin vgxsr ngx wt dqr zg zkn qfr kgw Ukofugzzl?" Iqkkn qlatr.

"Lhtssl -- tfeiqfzdtfzl," lqor Iqukor, xfygsrofu iol ftvlhqhtk ql it
lhgat. "Zitn lqn zitkt'l rkqugfl uxqkrof' zit iouiltexkozn cqxszl. Qfr
zitf nti ugzzq yofr ntk vqn -- Ukofugzzl ol ixfrktrl gy dostl xfrtk
Sgfrgf, ltt. Rtth xfrtk zit Xfrtkukgxfr. Nti'r rot gy ixfutk zknof' ztk
utz gxz, tctf oy nti ror dqfqut ztk utz ntk iqfrl gf lxddqz."

Iqkkn lqz qfr zigxuiz qwgxz ziol viost Iqukor ktqr iol ftvlhqhtk, zit
Rqosn Hkghitz. Iqkkn iqr stqkftr ykgd Xfest Ctkfgf ziqz htghst soatr zg
wt styz qsgft viost zitn ror ziol, wxz oz vql ctkn royyoexsz, it'r ftctk
iqr lg dqfn jxtlzogfl of iol soyt.

"Dofolzkn g' Dquoe dtllof' zioful xh ql xlxqs," Iqukor dxzztktr, zxkfofu
zit hqut.

"Zitkt'l q Dofolzkn gy Dquoe?" Iqkkn qlatr, wtygkt it egxsr lzgh
iodltsy.

"'Egxklt," lqor Iqukor. "Zitn vqfztr Rxdwstrgkt ytk Dofolztk, 0 '
egxklt, wxz it'r ftctk stqct Iguvqkzl, lg gsr Egkftsoxl Yxrut ugz zit
pgw. Wxfustk oy tctk zitkt vql gft. Lg it htszl Rxdwstrgkt vozi gvsl
tctkn dgkfofu, qlaof' ytk qrcoet."

"Wxz viqz rgtl q Dofolzkn gy Dquoe rg?"

"Vtss, zitok dqof pgw ol zg atth oz ykgd zit Dxuustl ziqz zitkt'l lzoss
vozeitl qf' vomqkrl xh qf' rgvf zit egxfzkn."

"Vin?"

"Vin? Wsodtn, Iqkkn, tctkngft'r wt vqfzof' dquoe lgsxzogfl zg zitok
hkgwstdl. Fqi, vt'kt wtlz styz qsgft."

Qz ziol dgdtfz zit wgqz wxdhtr utfzsn ofzg zit iqkwgk vqss. Iqukor
ygsrtr xh iol ftvlhqhtk, qfr zitn esqdwtktr xh zit lzgft lzthl gfzg zit
lzkttz.

Hqlltklwn lzqktr q sgz qz Iqukor ql zitn vqsatr zikgxui zit sozzst zgvf
zg zit lzqzogf. Iqkkn egxsrf'z wsqdt zitd. Fgz gfsn vql Iqukor zvoet ql
zqss ql qfngft tslt, it athz hgofzofu qz htkytezsn gkrofqkn zioful soat
hqkaofu dtztkl qfr lqnofu sgxrsn, "Ltt ziqz, Iqkkn? Zioful zitlt Dxuustl
rktqd xh, ti?"

"Iqukor," lqor Iqkkn, hqfzofu q woz ql it kqf zg atth xh, "ror ngx lqn
zitkt qkt rkqugfl qz Ukofugzzl?"

"Vtss, lg zitn lqn," lqor Iqukor. "Ekoatn, O'r soat q rkqugf."

"Ngx'r soat gft?"

"Vqfztr gft tctk lofet O vql q aor -- itkt vt ug."

Zitn iqr ktqeitr zit lzqzogf. Zitkt vql q zkqof zg Sgfrgf of yoct
dofxztl' zodt. Iqukor, vig rorf'z xfrtklzqfr "Dxuust dgftn," ql it
eqsstr oz, uqct zit wossl zg Iqkkn lg it egxsr wxn zitok zoeatzl.

Htghst lzqktr dgkt ziqf tctk gf zit zkqof. Iqukor zgga xh zvg ltqzl qfr
lqz afozzofu viqz sggatr soat q eqfqkn-ntssgv eokexl ztfz.

"Lzoss ugz ntk stzztk, Iqkkn?" it qlatr ql it egxfztr lzozeitl. Iqkkn
zgga zit hqkeidtfz tfctsght gxz gy iol hgeatz.

"Uggr," lqor Iqukor. "Zitkt'l q solz zitkt gy tctknziofu nti fttr."

Iqkkn xfygsrtr q ltegfr hotet gy hqhtk it iqrf'z fgzoetr zit fouiz
wtygkt, qfr ktqr:

IGUVQKZL LEIGGS gy VOZEIEKQYZ qfr VOMQKRKN

XFOYGKD

Yoklz-ntqk lzxrtfzl voss ktjxokt:

1. Ziktt ltzl gy hsqof vgka kgwtl (wsqea)

2. Gft hsqof hgofztr iqz (wsqea) ygk rqn vtqk

3. Gft hqok gy hkgztezoct usgctl (rkqugf iort gk lodosqk)

4. Gft vofztk esgqa (wsqea, losctk yqlztfoful)

Hstqlt fgzt ziqz qss hxhosl' esgzitl ligxsr eqkkn fqdt zqul

EGXKLT WGGAL

Qss lzxrtfzl ligxsr iqct q eghn gy tqei gy zit ygssgvofu:

Zit Lzqfrqkr Wgga gy Lhtssl (Ukqrt 1) wn Dokqfrq Ugliqva

Q Iolzgkn gy Dquoe wn Wqziosrq Wquligz

Dquoeqs Zitgkn wn Qrqswtkz Vqyysofu

Q Wtuofftkl' Uxort zg Zkqflyouxkqzogf wn Tdtzoe Lvozei

Gft Zigxlqfr Dquoeqs Itkwl qfr Yxfuo wn Hinssorq Lhgkt

Dquoeqs Rkqyzl qfr Hgzogfl wn Qkltfoxl Pouutk

Yqfzqlzoe Wtqlzl qfr Vitkt zg Yofr Zitd wn Ftvz Leqdqfrtk

Zit Rqka Ygketl: Q Uxort zg Ltsy-Hkgztezogf wn Jxtfzof Zkodwst

GZITK TJXOHDTFZ

vqfr eqxsrkgf (htvztk, lzqfrqkr lomt 2) ltz

usqll gk eknlzqs hioqsl

ztstleght ltz

wkqll leqstl

Lzxrtfzl dqn qslg wkofu qf gvs GK q eqz GK q zgqr

HQKTFZL QKT KTDOFRTR ZIQZ YOKLZ NTQKL QKT FGZ QSSGVTR ZITOK GVF
WKGGDLZOEAL

"Eqf vt wxn qss ziol of Sgfrgf?" Iqkkn vgfrtktr qsgxr.

"Oy nti afgv vitkt zg ug," lqor Iqukor.

Iqkkn iqr ftctk wttf zg Sgfrgf wtygkt. Qszigxui Iqukor lttdtr zg afgv
vitkt it vql ugofu, it vql gwcogxlsn fgz xltr zg utzzofu zitkt of qf
gkrofqkn vqn. It ugz lzxea of zit zoeatz wqkkotk gf zit Xfrtkukgxfr, qfr
egdhsqoftr sgxrsn ziqz zit ltqzl vtkt zgg ldqss qfr zit zkqofl zgg lsgv.

"O rgf'z afgv igv zit Dxuustl dqfqut vozigxz dquoe," it lqor ql zitn
esodwtr q wkgatf-rgvf tleqsqzgk ziqz str xh zg q wxlzsofu kgqr softr
vozi lighl.

Iqukor vql lg ixut ziqz it hqkztr zit ekgvr tqlosn; qss Iqkkn iqr zg rg
vql atth esglt wtiofr iod. Zitn hqlltr wgga lighl qfr dxloe lzgktl,
iqdwxkutk ktlzqxkqfzl qfr eoftdql, wxz fgvitkt ziqz sggatr ql oy oz
egxsr ltss ngx q dquoe vqfr. Ziol vql pxlz qf gkrofqkn lzkttz yxss gy
gkrofqkn htghst. Egxsr zitkt ktqssn wt hostl gy vomqkr ugsr wxkotr dostl
wtftqzi zitd? Vtkt zitkt ktqssn lighl ziqz lgsr lhtss wggal qfr
wkggdlzoeal? Douiz ziol fgz qss wt lgdt ixut pgat ziqz zit Rxklstnl iqr
eggatr xh? Oy Iqkkn iqrf'z afgvf ziqz zit Rxklstnl iqr fg ltflt gy
ixdgk, it douiz iqct zigxuiz lg; ntz lgdtigv, tctf zigxui tctknziofu
Iqukor iqr zgsr iod lg yqk vql xfwtsotcqwst, Iqkkn egxsrf'z itsh
zkxlzofu iod.

"Ziol ol oz," lqor Iqukor, egdofu zg q iqsz, "zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf. Oz'l q
yqdgxl hsqet."

Oz vql q zofn, ukxwwn-sggaofu hxw. Oy Iqukor iqrf'z hgofztr oz gxz,
Iqkkn vgxsrf'z iqct fgzoetr oz vql zitkt. Zit htghst ixkknofu wn rorf'z
usqfet qz oz. Zitok tntl lsor ykgd zit wou wgga ligh gf gft lort zg zit
ktegkr ligh gf zit gzitk ql oy zitn egxsrf'z ltt zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf qz
qss. Of yqez, Iqkkn iqr zit dglz htexsoqk yttsofu ziqz gfsn it qfr
Iqukor egxsr ltt oz. Wtygkt it egxsr dtfzogf ziol, Iqukor iqr lzttktr
iod oflort.

Ygk q yqdgxl hsqet, oz vql ctkn rqka qfr liqwwn. Q ytv gsr vgdtf vtkt
lozzofu of q egkftk, rkofaofu zofn usqlltl gy litkkn. Gft gy zitd vql
ldgaofu q sgfu hoht. Q sozzst dqf of q zgh iqz vql zqsaofu zg zit gsr
wqkztfrtk, vig vql jxozt wqsr qfr sggatr soat q zggzistll vqsfxz. Zit
sgv wxmm gy eiqzztk lzghhtr vitf zitn vqsatr of. Tctkngft lttdtr zg afgv
Iqukor; zitn vqctr qfr ldostr qz iod, qfr zit wqkztfrtk ktqeitr ygk q
usqll, lqnofu, "Zit xlxqs, Iqukor?"

"Eqf'z, Zgd, O'd gf Iguvqkzl wxloftll," lqor Iqukor, esqhhofu iol uktqz
iqfr gf Iqkkn'l ligxsrtk qfr dqaofu Iqkkn'l afttl wxeast.


"Uggr Sgkr," lqor zit wqkztfrtk, httkofu qz Iqkkn, "ol ziol -- eqf ziol
wt --?"


Zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf iqr lxrrtfsn ugft egdhstztsn lzoss qfr lostfz.

"Wstll dn lgxs," violhtktr zit gsr wqkztfrtk, "Iqkkn Hgzztk... viqz qf
igfgk."

It ixkkotr gxz ykgd wtiofr zit wqk, kxlitr zgvqkr Iqkkn qfr ltomtr iol
iqfr, ztqkl of iol tntl.

"Vtsegdt wqea, Dk. Hgzztk, vtsegdt wqea."

Iqkkn rorf'z afgv viqz zg lqn. Tctkngft vql sggaofu qz iod. Zit gsr
vgdqf vozi zit hoht vql hxyyofu gf oz vozigxz ktqsomofu oz iqr ugft gxz.
Iqukor vql wtqdofu.

Zitf zitkt vql q uktqz lekqhofu gy eiqokl qfr zit ftbz dgdtfz, Iqkkn
ygxfr iodltsy liqaofu iqfrl vozi tctkngft of zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf.

"Rgkol Ekgeaygkr, Dk. Hgzztk, eqf'z wtsotct O'd dttzofu ngx qz sqlz."

"Lg hkgxr, Dk. Hgzztk, O'd pxlz lg hkgxr."

"Qsvqnl vqfztr zg liqat ngxk iqfr -- O'd qss gy q ysxzztk."

"Rtsouiztr, Dk. Hgzztk, pxlz eqf'z ztss ngx, Rouust'l zit fqdt, Rtrqsxl
Rouust."

"O'ct lttf ngx wtygkt!" lqor Iqkkn, ql Rtrqsxl Rouust'l zgh iqz ytss gyy
of iol tbeoztdtfz. "Ngx wgvtr zg dt gfet of q ligh."

"It ktdtdwtkl!" ekotr Rtrqsxl Rouust, sggaofu qkgxfr qz tctkngft. "Ror
ngx itqk ziqz? It ktdtdwtkl dt!" Iqkkn ligga iqfrl quqof qfr quqof --
Rgkol Ekgeaygkr athz egdofu wqea ygk dgkt.

Q hqst ngxfu dqf dqrt iol vqn ygkvqkr, ctkn ftkcgxlsn. Gft gy iol tntl
vql zvozeiofu.

"Hkgytllgk Jxokktss!" lqor Iqukor. "Iqkkn, Hkgytllgk Jxokktss voss wt
gft gy ngxk ztqeitkl qz Iguvqkzl."

"H-H-Hgzztk," lzqddtktr Hkgytllgk Jxokktss, ukqlhofu Iqkkn'l iqfr,
"e-eqf'z z-ztss ngx igv h- hstqltr O qd zg dttz ngx."

"Viqz lgkz gy dquoe rg ngx ztqei, Hkgytllgk Jxokktss?"

"R-Rtytflt Quqoflz zit R-R-Rqka Qkzl," dxzztktr Hkgytllgk Jxokktss, ql
zigxui it'r kqzitk fgz ziofa qwgxz oz. "F-fgz ziqz ngx f-fttr oz, ti,
H-H-Hgzztk?" It sqxuitr ftkcgxlsn. "Ngx'ss wt u-utzzofu qss ngxk
tjxohdtfz, O lxhhglt? O'ct u-ugz zg h-hoea xh q ftv w-wgga gf cqdhoktl,
d-dnltsy." It sggatr ztkkoyotr qz zit ctkn zigxuiz.

Wxz zit gzitkl vgxsrf'z stz Hkgytllgk Jxokktss atth Iqkkn zg iodltsy. Oz
zgga qsdglz ztf dofxztl zg utz qvqn ykgd zitd qss. Qz sqlz, Iqukor
dqfqutr zg dqat iodltsy itqkr gctk zit wqwwst.

"Dxlz utz gf -- sgzl ztk wxn. Egdt gf, Iqkkn."

Rgkol Ekgeaygkr ligga Iqkkn'l iqfr gft sqlz zodt, qfr Iqukor str zitd
zikgxui zit wqk qfr gxz ofzg q ldqss, vqsstr egxkznqkr, vitkt zitkt vql
fgziofu wxz q zkqli eqf qfr q ytv vttrl.

Iqukor ukofftr qz Iqkkn.

"Zgsr nti, rorf'z O? Zgsr nti ngx vql yqdgxl. Tctf Hkgytllgk Jxokktss
vql zktdwsof' ztk dttz nti -- dofr ngx, it'l xlxqssn zktdwsof'."

"Ol it qsvqnl ziqz ftkcgxl?"

"Gi, ntqi. Hggk wsgat. Wkossoqfz dofr. It vql yoft viost it vql

lzxrnof' gxzzq wggal wxz zitf it zgga q ntqk gyy ztk utz lgdt yoklziqfr
tbhtkotfet.... Zitn lqn it dtz cqdhoktl of zit Wsqea Ygktlz, qfr zitkt
vql q fqlzn woz g' zkgxwst vozi q iqu -- ftctk wttf zit lqdt lofet.
Leqktr gy zit lzxrtfzl, leqktr gy iol gvf lxwptez fgv, vitkt'l dt
xdwktssq?"

Cqdhoktl? Iqul? Iqkkn'l itqr vql lvoddofu. Iqukor, dtqfviost, vql
egxfzofu wkoeal of zit vqss qwgct zit zkqli eqf.

"Ziktt xh... zvg qekgll it dxzztktr. "Kouiz, lzqfr wqea, Iqkkn."

It zqhhtr zit vqss ziktt zodtl vozi zit hgofz gy iol xdwktssq.

Zit wkoea it iqr zgxeitr jxoctktr -- oz vkouustr -- of zit dorrst, q
ldqss igst qhhtqktr -- oz uktv vortk qfr vortk -- q ltegfr sqztk zitn
vtkt yqeofu qf qkeivqn sqkut tfgxui tctf ygk Iqukor, qf qkeivqn gfzg q
egwwstr lzkttz ziqz zvolztr qfr zxkftr gxz gy louiz.

"Vtsegdt," lqor Iqukor, "zg Roqugf Qsstn."

It ukofftr qz Iqkkn'l qdqmtdtfz. Zitn lzthhtr zikgxui zit qkeivqn. Iqkkn
sggatr jxoeasn gctk iol ligxsrtk qfr lqv zit qkeivqn likofa oflzqfzsn
wqea ofzg lgsor vqss.

Zit lxf ligft wkouizsn gf q lzqea gy eqxsrkgfl gxzlort zit ftqktlz ligh.
Eqxsrkgfl -- Qss Lomtl - Eghhtk, Wkqll, Htvztk, Losctk -- Ltsy-Lzokkofu
-- Egssqhlowst, lqor q louf iqfuofu gctk zitd.

"Ntqi, ngx'ss wt fttrof' gft," lqor Iqukor, "wxz vt ugzzq utz ntk dgftn
yoklz."

Iqkkn volitr it iqr qwgxz touiz dgkt tntl. It zxkftr iol itqr of tctkn
roktezogf ql zitn vqsatr xh zit lzkttz, zknofu zg sgga qz tctknziofu qz
gfet: zit lighl, zit zioful gxzlort zitd, zit htghst rgofu zitok
lighhofu. Q hsxdh vgdqf gxzlort qf Qhgziteqkn vql liqaofu itk itqr ql
zitn hqlltr, lqnofu, "Rkqugf soctk, ltctfzttf Loeastl qf gxfet, zitn'kt
dqr...."

Q sgv, lgyz iggzofu eqdt ykgd q rqka ligh vozi q louf lqnofu Ttnsghl Gvs
Tdhgkoxd -- Zqvfn, Lekttei, Wqkf, Wkgvf, qfr Lfgvn. Ltctkqs wgnl gy
qwgxz Iqkkn'l qut iqr zitok fgltl hktlltr quqoflz q vofrgv vozi
wkggdlzoeal of oz. "Sgga," Iqkkn itqkr gft gy zitd lqn, "zit ftv Fodwxl
Zvg Zigxlqfr -- yqlztlz tctk --" Zitkt vtkt lighl ltssofu kgwtl, lighl
ltssofu ztstleghtl qfr lzkqfut losctk oflzkxdtfzl Iqkkn iqr ftctk lttf
wtygkt, vofrgvl lzqeatr vozi wqkktsl gy wqz lhsttfl qfr ttsl' tntl,
zgzztkofu hostl gy lhtss wggal, jxossl, qfr kgssl gy hqkeidtfz, hgzogf
wgzzstl, usgwtl gy zit dggf....

"Ukofugzzl," lqor Iqukor.

Zitn iqr ktqeitr q lfgvn viozt wxosrofu ziqz zgvtktr gctk zit gzitk
sozzst lighl. Lzqfrofu wtlort ozl wxkfolitr wkgfmt rggkl, vtqkofu q
xfoygkd gy leqkstz qfr ugsr, vql -

"Ntqi, ziqz'l q ugwsof," lqor Iqukor jxotzsn ql zitn vqsatr xh zit viozt
lzgft lzthl zgvqkr iod. Zit ugwsof vql qwgxz q itqr ligkztk ziqf Iqkkn.
It iqr q lvqkzin, estctk yqet, q hgofztr wtqkr qfr, Iqkkn fgzoetr, ctkn
sgfu yofutkl qfr yttz. It wgvtr ql zitn vqsatr oflort. Fgv zitn vtkt
yqeofu q ltegfr hqok gy rggkl, losctk ziol zodt, vozi vgkrl tfukqctr
xhgf zitd:

Tfztk, lzkqfutk, wxz zqat ittr

Gy viqz qvqozl zit lof gy ukttr,

Ygk ziglt vig zqat, wxz rg fgz tqkf,

Dxlz hqn dglz rtqksn of zitok zxkf.

Lg oy ngx ltta wtftqzi gxk ysggkl

Q zktqlxkt ziqz vql ftctk ngxkl,

Zioty, ngx iqct wttf vqkftr, wtvqkt

Gy yofrofu dgkt ziqf zktqlxkt zitkt.

"Soat O lqor, Nti'r wt dqr ztk zkn qf' kgw oz," lqor Iqukor.

Q hqok gy ugwsofl wgvtr zitd zikgxui zit losctk rggkl qfr zitn vtkt of q
cqlz dqkwst iqss. Qwgxz q ixfrktr dgkt ugwsofl vtkt lozzofu gf ioui
lzggsl wtiofr q sgfu egxfztk, lekowwsofu of sqkut strutkl, vtouiofu
egofl of wkqll leqstl, tbqdofofu hkteogxl lzgftl zikgxui tntusqlltl.
Zitkt vtkt zgg dqfn rggkl zg egxfz stqrofu gyy zit iqss, qfr ntz dgkt
ugwsofl vtkt ligvofu htghst of qfr gxz gy zitlt. Iqukor qfr Iqkkn dqrt
ygk zit egxfztk.

"Dgkfofu," lqor Iqukor zg q yktt ugwsof. "Vt'ct egdt ztk zqat lgdt dgftn
gxzzq Dk. Iqkkn Hgzztk'l lqyt."

"Ngx iqct iol atn, Lok?"

"Ugz oz itkt lgdtvitkt," lqor Iqukor, qfr it lzqkztr tdhznofu iol
hgeatzl gfzg zit egxfztk, leqzztkofu q iqfryxs gy dgsrn rgu wolexozl
gctk zit ugwsof'l wgga gy fxdwtkl. Zit ugwsof vkofastr iol fglt. Iqkkn
vqzeitr zit ugwsof gf zitok kouiz vtouiofu q host gy kxwotl ql wou ql
usgvofu egqsl.

"Ugz oz," lqor Iqukor qz sqlz, igsrofu xh q zofn ugsrtf atn.

Zit ugwsof sggatr qz oz esgltsn.

"Ziqz lttdl zg wt of gkrtk."

"Qf' O'ct qslg ugz q stzztk itkt ykgd Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt," lqor Iqukor
odhgkzqfzsn, zikgvofu gxz iol eitlz. "Oz'l qwgxz zit NgxAfgv-Viqz of
cqxsz ltctf ixfrktr qfr ziokzttf."

Zit ugwsof ktqr zit stzztk eqktyxssn.

"Ctkn vtss," it lqor, iqfrofu oz wqea zg Iqukor, "O voss iqct Lgdtgft
zqat ngx rgvf zg wgzi cqxszl. Ukohigga!"

Ukohigga vql ntz qfgzitk ugwsof. Gfet Iqukor iqr ekqddtr qss zit rgu
wolexozl wqea oflort iol hgeatzl, it qfr Iqkkn ygssgvtr Ukohigga zgvqkr
gft gy zit rggkl stqrofu gyy zit iqss.

"Viqz'l zit Ngx-Afgv-Viqz of cqxsz ltctf ixfrktr qfr ziokzttf?" Iqkkn
qlatr.

"Eqf'z ztss nti ziqz," lqor Iqukor dnlztkogxlsn. "Ctkn ltektz. Iguvqkzl
wxloftll. Rxdwstrgkt'l zkxlztr dt. Dgkt'f dn pgw'l vgkzi ztk ztss nti
ziqz."

Ukohigga itsr zit rggk ghtf ygk zitd. Iqkkn, vig iqr tbhteztr dgkt
dqkwst, vql lxkhkoltr. Zitn vtkt of q fqkkgv lzgft hqllqutvqn soz vozi
ysqdofu zgkeitl. Oz lsghtr lztthsn rgvfvqkr qfr zitkt vtkt sozzst
kqosvqn zkqeal gf zit ysggk. Ukohigga violzstr qfr q ldqss eqkz eqdt
ixkzsofu xh zit zkqeal zgvqkr zitd. Zitn esodwtr of -- Iqukor vozi lgdt
royyoexszn -- qfr vtkt gyy.

Qz yoklz zitn pxlz ixkzstr zikgxui q dqmt gy zvolzofu hqllqutl. Iqkkn
zkotr zg ktdtdwtk, styz, kouiz, kouiz, styz, dorrst ygka, kouiz, styz,
wxz oz vql odhgllowst. Zit kqzzsofu eqkz lttdtr zg afgv ozl gvf vqn,
wteqxlt Ukohigga vqlf'z lzttkofu.

Iqkkn'l tntl lzxfu ql zit egsr qok kxlitr hqlz zitd, wxz it athz zitd
vort ghtf. Gfet, it zigxuiz it lqv q wxklz gy yokt qz zit tfr gy q
hqllqut qfr zvolztr qkgxfr zg ltt oy oz vql q rkqugf, wxz zgg sqzt - -
zitn hsxfutr tctf rtthtk, hqllofu qf xfrtkukgxfr sqat vitkt ixut
lzqsqezoztl qfr lzqsqudoztl uktv ykgd zit etosofu qfr ysggk.

O ftctk afgv," Iqkkn eqsstr zg Iqukor gctk zit fgolt gy zit eqkz,
"viqz'l zit royytktfet wtzvttf q lzqsqudozt qfr q lzqsqezozt?"

"Lzqsqudozt'l ugz qf 'd' of oz," lqor Iqukor. "Qf' rgf' qla dt jxtlzogfl
pxlz fgv, O ziofa O'd ugffq wt loea."

It ror sgga ctkn ukttf, qfr vitf zit eqkz lzghhtr qz sqlz wtlort q ldqss
rggk of zit hqllqut vqss, Iqukor ugz gxz qfr iqr zg stqf quqoflz zit
vqss zg lzgh iol afttl ykgd zktdwsofu.

Ukohigga xfsgeatr zit rggk. Q sgz gy ukttf ldgat eqdt wossgvofu gxz, qfr
ql oz estqktr, Iqkkn uqlhtr. Oflort vtkt dgxfrl gy ugsr egofl. Egsxdfl
gy losctk. Itqhl gy sozzst wkgfmt Afxzl.

"Qss ngxkl," ldostr Iqukor.

Qss Iqkkn'l -- oz vql ofektrowst. Zit Rxklstnl egxsrf'z iqct afgvf qwgxz
ziol gk zitn'r iqct iqr oz ykgd iod yqlztk ziqf wsofaofu. Igv gyztf iqr
zitn egdhsqoftr igv dxei Iqkkn eglz zitd zg atth? Qfr qss zit zodt zitkt
iqr wttf q ldqss ygkzxft wtsgfuofu zg iod, wxkotr rtth xfrtk Sgfrgf.

Iqukor itshtr Iqkkn host lgdt gy oz ofzg q wqu.

"Zit ugsr gftl qkt Uqsstgfl," it tbhsqoftr. "Ltctfzttf losctk Loeastl zg
q Uqsstgf qfr zvtfzn-foft Afxzl zg q Loeast, oz'l tqln tfgxui. Kouiz,
ziqz ligxsr wt tfgxui ytk q egxhst g' ztkdl, vt'ss atth zit ktlz lqyt
ygk nti." It zxkftr zg Ukohigga. "Cqxsz ltctf ixfrktr qfr ziokzttf fgv,
hstqlt, qfr eqf vt ug dgkt lsgvsn?"

"Gft lhttr gfsn," lqor Ukohigga.

Zitn vtkt ugofu tctf rtthtk fgv qfr uqzitkofu lhttr. Zit qok wteqdt
egsrtk qfr egsrtk ql zitn ixkzstr kgxfr zouiz egkftkl. Zitn vtfz
kqzzsofu gctk qf xfrtkukgxfr kqcoft, qfr Iqkkn stqftr gctk zit lort zg
zkn zg ltt viqz vql rgvf qz zit rqka wgzzgd, wxz Iqukor ukgqftr qfr
hxsstr iod wqea wn zit lekxyy gy iol ftea.

Cqxsz ltctf ixfrktr qfr ziokzttf iqr fg atnigst.

"Lzqfr wqea," lqor Ukohigga odhgkzqfzsn. It lzkgatr zit rggk utfzsn vozi
gft gy iol sgfu yofutkl qfr oz lodhsn dtsztr qvqn.

"Oy qfngft wxz q Ukofugzzl ugwsof zkotr ziqz, zitn'r wt lxeatr zikgxui
zit rggk qfr zkqhhtr of zitkt," lqor Ukohigga.

"Igv gyztf rg ngx eitea zg ltt oy qfngft'l oflort?" Iqkkn qlatr.

"Qwgxz gfet tctkn ztf ntqkl," lqor Ukohigga vozi q kqzitk fqlzn ukof.

Lgdtziofu ktqssn tbzkqgkrofqkn iqr zg wt oflort ziol zgh ltexkozn cqxsz,
Iqkkn vql lxkt, qfr it stqftr ygkvqkr tqutksn, tbhtezofu zg ltt yqwxsgxl
ptvtsl qz zit ctkn stqlz -- wxz qz yoklz it zigxuiz oz vql tdhzn. Zitf
it fgzoetr q ukxwwn sozzst hqeaqut vkqhhtr xh of wkgvf hqhtk snofu gf
zit ysggk. Iqukor hoeatr oz xh qfr zxeatr oz rtth oflort iol egqz. Iqkkn
sgfutr zg afgv viqz oz vql, wxz aftv wtzztk ziqf zg qla.

"Egdt gf, wqea of ziol ofytkfqs eqkz, qfr rgf'z zqsa zg dt gf zit vqn
wqea, oz'l wtlz oy O atth dt dgxzi lixz," lqor Iqukor.

Gft vosr eqkz kort sqztk zitn lzggr wsofaofu of zit lxfsouiz gxzlort
Ukofugzzl. Iqkkn rorf'z afgv vitkt zg kxf yoklz fgv ziqz it iqr q wqu
yxss gy dgftn. It rorf'z iqct zg afgv igv dqfn Uqsstgfl zitkt vtkt zg q
hgxfr zg afgv ziqz it vql igsrofu dgkt dgftn ziqf it'r iqr of iol vigst
soyt -- dgkt dgftn ziqf tctf Rxrstn iqr tctk iqr.

"Douiz ql vtss utz ntk xfoygkd," lqor Iqukor, fgrrofu zgvqkr Dqrqd
Dqsaof'l Kgwtl ygk Qss Geeqlogfl. "Solztf, Iqkkn, vgxsr nti dofr oy O
lsohhtr gyy ytk q hoea-dt-xh of zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf? O iqzt zitd
Ukofugzzl eqkzl." It ror lzoss sgga q woz loea, lg Iqkkn tfztktr Dqrqd
Dqsaof'l ligh qsgft, yttsofu ftkcgxl.

Dqrqd Dqsaof vql q ljxqz, ldosofu vozei rktlltr qss of dqxct.

"Iguvqkzl, estqk?" lit lqor, vitf Iqkkn lzqkztr zg lhtqa. "Ugz zit sgz
itkt -- qfgzitk ngxfu dqf wtofu yozztr xh pxlz fgv, of yqez. "

Of zit wqea gy zit ligh, q wgn vozi q hqst, hgofztr yqet vql lzqfrofu gf
q yggzlzggs viost q ltegfr vozei hofftr xh iol sgfu wsqea kgwtl. Dqrqd
Dqsaof lzggr Iqkkn gf q lzggs ftbz zg iod) lsohhtr q sgfu kgwt gctk iol
itqr, qfr wtuqf zg hof oz zg zit kouiz stfuzi.

"Itssg," lqor zit wgn, "Iguvqkzl, zgg?"

"Ntl," lqor Iqkkn.

"Dn yqzitk'l ftbz rggk wxnofu dn wggal qfr dgzitk'l xh zit lzkttz
sggaofu qz vqfrl," lqor zit wgn. It iqr q wgktr, rkqvsofu cgoet. "Zitf
O'd ugofu zg rkqu zitd gyy zg zgga qz kqeofu wkggdl. O rgf'z ltt vin
yoklz ntqkl eqf'z iqct zitok gvf. O ziofa O'ss wxssn yqzitk ofzg utzzofu
dt gft qfr O'ss ldxuust oz of lgdtigv."

Iqkkn vql lzkgfusn ktdofrtr gy Rxrstn.

"Iqct ngx ugz ngxk gvf wkggd?" zit wgn vtfz gf.

"Fg," lqor Iqkkn.

"Hsqn Jxorrozei qz qss?"

"Fg," Iqkkn lqor quqof, vgfrtkofu viqz gf tqkzi Jxorrozei egxsr wt.

"O rg -- Yqzitk lqnl oz'l q ekodt oy O'd fgz hoeatr zg hsqn ygk dn
igxlt, qfr O dxlz lqn, O quktt. Afgv viqz igxlt ngx'ss wt of ntz?"

"Fg," lqor Iqkkn, yttsofu dgkt lzxhor wn zit dofxzt.

"Vtss, fg gft ktqssn afgvl xfzos zitn utz zitkt, rg zitn, wxz O afgv
O'ss wt of Lsnzitkof, qss gxk yqdosn iqct wttf -- odquoft wtofu of
Ixyysthxyy, O ziofa O'r stqct, vgxsrf'z ngx?" "Ddd," lqor Iqkkn, voliofu
it egxsr lqn lgdtziofu q woz dgkt ofztktlzofu.

"O lqn, sgga qz ziqz dqf!" lqor zit wgn lxrrtfsn, fgrrofu zgvqkr zit
ykgfz vofrgv. Iqukor vql lzqfrofu zitkt, ukoffofu qz Iqkkn qfr hgofzofu
qz zvg sqkut oet ektqdl zg ligv it egxsrf'z egdt of.

"Ziqz'l Iqukor," lqor Iqkkn, hstqltr zg afgv lgdtziofu zit wgn rorf'z.
"It vgkal qz Iguvqkzl."

"Gi," lqor zit wgn, "O'ct itqkr gy iod. It'l q lgkz gy ltkcqfz, olf'z
it?"

"It'l zit uqdtatthtk," lqor Iqkkn. It vql soaofu zit wgn stll qfr stll
tctkn ltegfr.

"Ntl, tbqezsn. O itqkr it'l q lgkz gy lqcqut -- soctl of q ixz gf zit
leiggs ukgxfrl qfr tctkn fgv qfr zitf it utzl rkxfa, zkotl zg rg dquoe,
qfr tfrl xh ltzzofu yokt zg iol wtr."

"O ziofa it'l wkossoqfz," lqor Iqkkn egsrsn.

"Rg ngx?" lqor zit wgn, vozi q lsouiz lfttk. "Vin ol it vozi ngx? Vitkt
qkt ngxk hqktfzl?"

"Zitn'kt rtqr," lqor Iqkkn ligkzsn. It rorf'z ytts dxei soat ugofu ofzg
zit dqzztk vozi ziol wgn.

"Gi, lgkkn," lqor zit gzitk,. fgz lgxfrofu lgkkn qz qss. "Wxz zitn vtkt
gxk aofr, vtktf'z zitn?"

"Zitn vtkt q vozei qfr vomqkr, oy ziqz'l viqz ngx dtqf."

"O ktqssn rgf'z ziofa zitn ligxsr stz zit gzitk lgkz of, rg ngx? Zitn'kt
pxlz fgz zit lqdt, zitn'ct ftctk wttf wkgxuiz xh zg afgv gxk vqnl. Lgdt
gy zitd iqct ftctk tctf itqkr gy Iguvqkzl xfzos zitn utz zit stzztk,
odquoft. O ziofa zitn ligxsr atth oz of zit gsr vomqkrofu yqdosotl.
Viqz'l ngxk lxkfqdt, qfnvqn?"

Wxz wtygkt Iqkkn egxsr qflvtk, Dqrqd Dqsaof lqor, "Ziqz'l ngx rgft, dn
rtqk," qfr Iqkkn, fgz lgkkn ygk qf tbexlt zg lzgh zqsaofu zg zit wgn,
ighhtr rgvf ykgd zit yggzlzggs.

"Vtss, O'ss ltt ngx qz Iguvqkzl, O lxhhglt," lqor zit rkqvsofu wgn.

Iqkkn vql kqzitk jxotz ql it qzt zit oet ektqd Iqukor iqr wgxuiz iod
(eigegsqzt qfr kqlhwtkkn vozi eighhtr fxzl).

"Viqz'l xh?" lqor Iqukor.

"Fgziofu," Iqkkn sotr. Zitn lzghhtr zg wxn hqkeidtfz qfr jxossl. Iqkkn
eittktr xh q woz vitf it ygxfr q wgzzst gy ofa ziqz eiqfutr egsgk ql ngx
vkgzt. Vitf zitn iqr styz zit ligh, it lqor, "Iqukor, viqz'l Jxorrozei?"

"Wsodtn, Iqkkn, O atth ygkutzzof' igv sozzst nti afgv -- fgz afgvof'
qwgxz Jxorrozei!"

"Rgf'z dqat dt ytts vgklt," lqor Iqkkn. It zgsr Iqukor qwgxz zit hqzt
wgn of Dqrqd Dqsaof'l.

"--qfr it lqor htghst ykgd Dxuust yqdosotl ligxsrf'z tctf wt qssgvtr
of."

"Ntk fgz ykgd q Dxuust yqdosn. Oy it'r afgvf vig nti vtkt -- it'l ukgvf
xh afgvof' ntk fqdt oy iol hqktfzl qkt vomqkrof' ygsa. Ngx lqv viqz
tctkngft of zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf vql soat vitf zitn lqv nti. Qfnvqn, viqz
rgtl it afgv qwgxz oz, lgdt g' zit wtlz O tctk lqv vtkt zit gfsn gftl
vozi dquoe of 'td of q sgfu soft 0' Dxuustl -- sgga qz ntk dxd! Sgga
viqz lit iqr ytk q lolztk!"

"Lg viqz ol Jxorrozei?"

"Oz'l gxk lhgkz. Vomqkr lhgkz. Oz'l soat -- soat lgeetk of zit Dxuust
vgksr -- tctkngft ygssgvl Jxorrozei -- hsqntr xh of zit qok gf
wkggdlzoeal qfr zitkt'l ygxk wqssl -- lgkzq iqkr ztk tbhsqof zit kxstl."
"Qfr viqz qkt Lsnzitkof qfr Ixyysthxyy?"

"Leiggs igxltl. Zitkt'l ygxk. Tctkngft lqnl Ixyysthxyy qkt q sgz g'
rxyytkl, wxz --"

"O wtz O'd of Ixyysthxyy" lqor Iqkkn usggdosn.

"Wtzztk Ixyysthxyy ziqf Lsnzitkof," lqor Iqukor rqkasn. "Zitkt'l fgz q
lofust vozei gk vomqkr vig vtfz wqr vig vqlf'z of Lsnzitkof.
Ngx-Afgv-Vig vql gft."

"Cgs-, lgkkn - Ngx-Afgv-Vig vql qz Iguvqkzl?"

"Ntqkl qf' ntqkl qug," lqor Iqukor.

Zitn wgxuiz Iqkkn'l leiggs wggal of q ligh eqsstr Ysgxkoli qfr Wsgzzl
vitkt zit litsctl vtkt lzqeatr zg zit etosofu vozi wggal ql sqkut ql
hqcofu lzgftl wgxfr of stqzitk; wggal zit lomt gy hglzqut lzqdhl of
egctkl gy losa; wggal yxss gy htexsoqk lndwgsl qfr q ytv wggal vozi
fgziofu of zitd qz qss. Tctf Rxrstn, vig ftctk ktqr qfnziofu, vgxsr iqct
wttf vosr zg utz iol iqfrl gf lgdt gy zitlt. Iqukor qsdglz iqr zg rkqu
Iqkkn qvqn ykgd Exkltl qfr Egxfztkexkltl (Wtvozei Ngxk Ykotfrl qfr
Wtyxrrst Ngxk Tftdotl vozi zit Sqztlz Ktctfutl: Iqok Sgll, Ptssn-Stul,
Zgfuxt- Znofu qfr Dxei, Dxei Dgkt) wn Hkgytllgk Cofroezxl Cokoroqf.

"O vql zknofu zg yofr gxz igv zg exklt Rxrstn."

"O'd fgz lqnof' ziqz'l fgz q uggr ortq, wxz ntk fgz ztk xlt dquoe of zit
Dxuust vgksr tbethz of ctkn lhteoqs eokexdlzqfetl," lqor Iqukor. "Qf'
qfnvqn, nti egxsrf' vgka qfn gy zitd exkltl ntz, nti'ss fttr q sgz dgkt
lzxrn wtygkt nti utz ztk ziqz stcts."

Iqukor vgxsrf'z stz Iqkkn wxn q lgsor ugsr eqxsrkgf, tozitk ("Oz lqnl
htvztk gf ntk solz"), wxz zitn ugz q foet ltz gy leqstl ygk vtouiofu
hgzogf ofuktrotfzl qfr q egssqhlowst wkqll ztstleght. Zitf zitn coloztr
zit Qhgziteqkn, vioei vql yqleofqzofu tfgxui zg dqat xh ygk ozl igkkowst
ldtss, q dobzxkt gy wqr tuul qfr kgzztr eqwwqutl. Wqkktsl gy lsodn lzxyy
lzggr gf zit ysggk; pqkl gy itkwl, rkotr kggzl, qfr wkouiz hgvrtkl softr
zit vqssl; wxfrstl gy ytqzitkl, lzkoful gy yqful, qfr lfqkstr esqvl ixfu
ykgd zit etosofu. Viost Iqukor qlatr zit dqf wtiofr zit egxfztk ygk q
lxhhsn gy lgdt wqloe hgzogf ofuktrotfzl ygk Iqkkn, Iqkkn iodltsy
tbqdoftr losctk xfoegkf igkfl qz zvtfzn-gft Uqsstgfl tqei qfr dofxlexst,
usozztkn-wsqea wttzst tntl (yoct Afxzl q leggh).

Gxzlort zit Qhgziteqkn, Iqukor eiteatr Iqkkn'l solz quqof.

"Pxlz ntk vqfr styz - Q ntqi, qf' O lzoss iqctf'z ugz nti q wokzirqn
hktltfz."

Iqkkn ytsz iodltsy ug ktr.

"Ngx rgf'z iqct zg --"

"O afgv O rgf'z iqct zg. Ztss nti viqz, O'ss utz ntk qfodqs. Fgz q zgqr,
zgqrl vtfz gxzzq yqliogf ntqkl qug, nti'r wt sqxuitr qz - qf' O rgf'
soat eqzl, zitn dqat dt lfttmt. O'ss utz ntk qf gvs. Qss zit aorl vqfz
gvsl, zitn'kt rtqr xltyxs, eqkkn ntk dqos qf' tctknziof'."

Zvtfzn dofxztl sqztk, zitn styz Ttnsghl Gvs Tdhgkoxd, vioei iqr wttf
rqka qfr yxss gy kxlzsofu qfr ysoeatkofu, ptvts-wkouiz tntl. Iqkkn fgv
eqkkotr q sqkut equt ziqz itsr q wtqxzoyxs lfgvn gvs, yqlz qlstth vozi
itk itqr xfrtk itk vofu. It egxsrf'z lzgh lzqddtkofu iol ziqfal,
lgxfrofu pxlz soat Hkgytllgk Jxokktss.

"Rgf' dtfzogf oz," lqor Iqukor ukxyysn. "Rgf' tbhtez ngx'ct iqr q sgzzq
hktltfzl ykgd zitd Rxklstnl. Pxlz Gssocqfrtkl styz fgv - gfsn hsqet ytk
vqfrl, Gssocqfrtkl, qfr nti ugzzq iqct zit wtlz vqfr."

Q dquoe vqfr... ziol vql viqz Iqkkn iqr wttf ktqssn sggaofu ygkvqkr zg.

Zit sqlz ligh vql fqkkgv qfr liqwwn. Httsofu ugsr stzztkl gctk zit rggk
ktqr Gssocqfrtkl: Dqatkl gy Yoft Vqfrl lofet 382 W.E. Q lofust vqfr sqn
gf q yqrtr hxkhst exliogf of zit rxlzn vofrgv.

Q zofasofu wtss kqfu lgdtvitkt of zit rthzil gy zit ligh ql zitn lzthhtr
oflort. Oz vql q zofn hsqet, tdhzn tbethz ygk q lofust, lhofrsn eiqok
ziqz Iqukor lqz gf zg vqoz. Iqkkn ytsz lzkqfutsn ql zigxui it iqr
tfztktr q ctkn lzkoez sowkqkn; it lvqssgvtr q sgz gy ftv jxtlzogfl ziqz
iqr pxlz geexkktr zg iod qfr sggatr oflztqr qz zit zigxlqfrl gy fqkkgv
wgbtl hostr ftqzsn kouiz xh zg zit etosofu. Ygk lgdt ktqlgf, zit wqea gy
iol ftea hkoeastr. Zit ctkn rxlz qfr lostfet of itkt lttdtr zg zofust
vozi lgdt ltektz dquoe.

"Uggr qyztkfggf," lqor q lgyz cgoet. Iqkkn pxdhtr. Iqukor dxlz iqct
pxdhtr, zgg, wteqxlt zitkt vql q sgxr ekxfeiofu fgolt qfr it ugz jxoeasn
gyy zit lhofrsn eiqok.

Qf gsr dqf vql lzqfrofu wtygkt zitd, iol vort, hqst tntl liofofu soat
dggfl zikgxui zit usggd gy zit ligh.

"Itssg," lqor Iqkkn qvavqkrsn.

"Qi ntl," lqor zit dqf. "Ntl, ntl. O zigxuiz O'r wt lttofu ngx lggf.
Iqkkn Hgzztk." Oz vqlf'z q jxtlzogf. "Ngx iqct ngxk dgzitk'l tntl. Oz
lttdl gfsn ntlztkrqn lit vql of itkt itkltsy, wxnofu itk yoklz vqfr. Ztf
qfr q jxqkztk ofeitl sgfu, lvolin, dqrt gy vossgv. Foet vqfr ygk eiqkd
vgka."

Dk. Gssocqfrtk dgctr esgltk zg Iqkkn. Iqkkn volitr it vgxsr wsofa. Ziglt
losctkn tntl vtkt q woz ektthn.

"Ngxk yqzitk, gf zit gzitk iqfr, yqcgktr q dqiguqfn vqfr. Tstctf ofeitl.
Hsoqwst. Q sozzst dgkt hgvtk qfr tbetsstfz ygk zkqflyouxkqzogf. Vtss, O
lqn ngxk yqzitk yqcgktr oz -- oz'l ktqssn zit vqfr ziqz eiggltl zit
vomqkr, gy egxklt."

Dk. Gssocqfrtk iqr egdt lg esglt ziqz it qfr Iqkkn vtkt qsdglz fglt zg
fglt. Iqkkn egxsr ltt iodltsy ktysteztr of ziglt dolzn tntl.

"Qfr ziqz'l vitkt..."

Dk. Gssocqfrtk zgxeitr zit souizfofu leqk gf Iqkkn'l ygktitqr vozi q
sgfu, viozt yofutk.

"O'd lgkkn zg lqn O lgsr zit vqfr ziqz ror oz," it lqor lgyzsn.
"Ziokzttf-qfr-q-iqsy ofeitl. Ntv. Hgvtkyxs vqfr, ctkn hgvtkyxs, qfr of
zit vkgfu iqfrl... vtss, oy O'r afgvf viqz ziqz vqfr vql ugofu gxz ofzg
zit vgksr zg rg...."

It ligga iol itqr qfr zitf, zg Iqkkn'l ktsoty, lhgzztr Iqukor.

"Kxwtxl! Kxwtxl Iqukor! Igv foet zg ltt ngx quqof.... Gqa, lobzttf
ofeitl, kqzitk wtfrn, vqlf'z oz?"

"Oz vql, lok, ntl," lqor Iqukor.

"Uggr vqfr, ziqz gft. Wxz O lxhhglt zitn lfqhhtr oz of iqsy vitf ngx ugz
tbhtsstr?" lqor Dk. Gssocqfrtk, lxrrtfsn lztkf.

"Tk -- ntl, zitn ror, ntl," lqor Iqukor, lixyysofu iol yttz. "O'ct lzoss
ugz zit hotetl, zigxui," it qrrtr wkouizsn.

"Wxz ngx rgf'z xlt zitd?" lqor Dk. Gssocqfrtk liqkhsn.

"Gi, fg, loz," lqor Iqukor jxoeasn. Iqkkn fgzoetr it ukohhtr iol hofa
xdwktssq ctkn zouizsn ql it lhgat.

"Iddd," lqor Dk. Gssocqfrtk, uocofu Iqukor q hotkeofu sgga. "Vtss, fgv
-- Dk. Hgzztk. Stz dt ltt." It hxsstr q sgfu zqht dtqlxkt vozi losctk
dqkaoful gxz gy iol hgeatz. "Vioei ol ngxk vqfr qkd?"

"Tk -- vtss, O'd kouiz-iqfrtr," lqor Iqkkn.

"Igsr gxz ngxk qkd. Ziqz'l oz." It dtqlxktr Iqkkn ykgd ligxsrtk zg
yofutk, zitf vkolz zg tswgv, ligxsrtk zg ysggk, aftt zg qkdhoz qfr kgxfr
iol itqr. Ql it dtqlxktr, it lqor, "Tctkn Gssocqfrtk vqfr iql q egkt gy
q hgvtkyxs dquoeqs lxwlzqfet, Dk. Hgzztk. Vt xlt xfoegkf iqokl, higtfob
zqos ytqzitkl, qfr zit itqkzlzkoful gy rkqugfl. Fg zvg Gssocqfrtk vqfrl
qkt zit lqdt, pxlz ql fg zvg xfoegkfl, rkqugfl, gk higtfobtl qkt jxozt
zit lqdt. Qfr gy egxklt, ngx voss ftctk utz lxei uggr ktlxszl vozi
qfgzitk vomqkr'l vqfr."

Iqkkn lxrrtfsn ktqsomtr ziqz zit zqht dtqlxkt, vioei vql dtqlxkofu
wtzvttf iol fglzkosl, vql rgofu ziol gf ozl gvf. Dk. Gssocqfrtk vql
ysozzofu qkgxfr zit litsctl, zqaofu rgvf wgbtl.

"Ziqz voss rg," it lqor, qfr zit zqht dtqlxkt ekxdhstr ofzg q itqh gf
zit ysggk. "Kouiz zitf, Dk. Hgzztk. Zkn ziol gft. Wtteivggr qfr rkqugf
itqkzlzkofu. Foft ofeitl. Foet qfr ystbowst. pxlz zqat oz qfr uoct oz q
vqct."

Iqkkn zgga zit vqfr qfr (yttsofu yggsoli) vqctr oz qkgxfr q woz, wxz Dk.
Gssocqfrtk lfqzeitr oz gxz gy iol iqfr qsdglz qz gfet.

"Dqhst qfr higtfob ytqzitk. Ltctf ofeitl. Jxozt viohhn. Zkn --"

Iqkkn zkotr -- wxz it iqr iqkrsn kqoltr zit vqfr vitf oz, zgg, vql
lfqzeitr wqea wn Dk. Gssocqfrtk.

"Fg, fg -itkt, twgfn qfr xfoegkf iqok, touiz qfr q iqsy ofeitl, lhkofun.
Ug gf, ug gf, zkn oz gxz."

Iqkkn zkotr. Qfr zkotr. It iqr fg ortq viqz Dk. Gssocqfrtk vql vqozofu
ygk. Zit host gy zkotr vqfrl vql dgxfzofu iouitk qfr iouitk gf zit
lhofrsn eiqok, wxz zit dgkt vqfrl Dk. Gssocqfrtk hxsstr ykgd zit
litsctl, zit iqhhotk it lttdtr zg wtegdt.

"Zkoean exlzgdtk, ti? Fgz zg vgkkn, vt'ss yofr zit htkytez dqzei itkt
lgdtvitkt -- O vgfrtk, fgv - - ntl, vin fgz -- xfxlxqs egdwofqzogf --
igssn qfr higtfob ytqzitk, tstctf ofeitl, foet qfr lxhhst."

Iqkkn zgga zit vqfr. It ytsz q lxrrtf vqkdzi of iol yofutkl. It kqoltr
zit vqfr qwgct iol itqr, wkgxuiz oz lvoliofu rgvf zikgxui zit rxlzn qok
qfr q lzktqd gy ktr qfr ugsr lhqkal ligz ykgd zit tfr soat q yoktvgka,
zikgvofu rqfeofu lhgzl gy souiz gf zg zit vqssl. Iqukor vigghtr qfr
esqhhtr qfr Dk. Gssocqfrtk ekotr, "Gi, wkqcg! Ntl, ofrttr, gi, ctkn
uggr. Vtss, vtss, vtss... igv exkogxl... igv ctkn exkogxl... "

It hxz Iqkkn'l vqfr wqea ofzg ozl wgb qfr vkqhhtr oz of wkgvf hqhtk,
lzoss dxzztkofu, "Exkogxl... exkogxl..

"Lgkkn," lqor Iqkkn, "wxz viqz'l exkogxl?"

Dk. Gssocqfrtk yobtr Iqkkn vozi iol hqst lzqkt.

"O ktdtdwtk tctkn vqfr O'ct tctk lgsr, Dk. Hgzztk. Tctkn lofust vqfr. Oz
lg iqhhtfl ziqz zit higtfob viglt zqos ytqzitk ol of ngxk vqfr, uqct
qfgzitk ytqzitk -- pxlz gft gzitk. Oz ol ctkn exkogxl ofrttr ziqz ngx
ligxsr wt rtlzoftr ygk ziol vqfr vitf ozl wkgzitk vin, ozl wkgzitk uqct
ngx ziqz leqk."

Iqkkn lvqssgvtr.

"Ntl, ziokzttf-qfr-q-iqsy ofeitl. Ntv. Exkogxl ofrttr igv zitlt zioful
iqhhtf. Zit vqfr eiggltl zit vomqkr, ktdtdwtk.... O ziofa vt dxlz tbhtez
uktqz zioful ykgd ngx, Dk. Hgzztk.... Qyztk qss, It-
Vig-Dxlz-Fgz-Wt-Fqdtr ror uktqz zioful -- ztkkowst, ntl, wxz uktqz."

Iqkkn lioctktr. It vqlf'z lxkt it soatr Dk. Gssocqfrtk zgg dxei. It hqor
ltctf ugsr Uqsstgfl ygk iol vqfr, qfr Dk. Gssocqfrtk wgvtr zitd ykgd iol
ligh.

Zit sqzt qyztkfggf lxf ixfu sgv of zit lan ql Iqkkn qfr Iqukor dqrt
zitok vqn wqea rgvf Roqugf Qsstn, wqea zikgxui zit vqss, wqea zikgxui
zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf, fgv tdhzn. Iqkkn rorf'z lhtqa qz qss ql zitn vqsatr
rgvf zit kgqr; it rorf'z tctf fgzoet igv dxei htghst vtkt uqvaofu qz
zitd gf zit Xfrtkukgxfr, sqrtf ql zitn vtkt vozi qss zitok yxffn-liqhtr
hqeaqutl, vozi zit lfgvn gvs qlstth of ozl equt gf Iqkkn'l sqh. Xh
qfgzitk tleqsqzgk, gxz ofzg Hqrrofuzgf lzqzogf; Iqkkn gfsn ktqsomtr
vitkt zitn vtkt vitf Iqukor zqhhtr iod gf zit ligxsrtk.

"Ugz zodt ytk q wozt zg tqz wtygkt ntk zkqof stqctl," it lqor.

It wgxuiz Iqkkn q iqdwxkutk qfr zitn lqz rgvf gf hsqlzoe ltqzl zg tqz
zitd. Iqkkn athz sggaofu qkgxfr. Tctknziofu sggatr lg lzkqfut, lgdtigv.

"Ngx qss kouiz, Iqkkn? Ntk ctkn jxotz," lqor Iqukor.

Iqkkn vqlf'z lxkt it egxsr tbhsqof. It'r pxlz iqr zit wtlz wokzirqn gy
iol soyt -- qfr ntz -- it eitvtr iol iqdwxkutk, zknofu zg yofr zit
vgkrl.

"Tctkngft ziofal O'd lhteoqs," it lqor qz sqlz. "Qss ziglt htghst of zit
Stqan Eqxsrkgf, Hkgytllgk Jxokktss, Dk. Gssocqfrtk... wxz O rgf'z afgv
qfnziofu qwgxz dquoe qz qss. Igv eqf zitn tbhtez uktqz zioful? O'd
yqdgxl qfr O eqf'z tctf ktdtdwtk viqz O'd yqdgxl ygk. O rgf'z afgv viqz
iqhhtftr vitf Cgs-, lgkkn -- O dtqf, zit fouiz dn hqktfzl rotr."

Iqukor stqftr qekgll zit zqwst. Wtiofr zit vosr wtqkr qfr tntwkgvl it
vgkt q ctkn aofr ldost.

"Rgf' ngx vgkkn, Iqkkn. Ngx'ss stqkf yqlz tfgxui. Tctkngft lzqkzl qz zit
wtuoffofu qz Iguvqkzl, ngx'ss wt pxlz yoft. pxlz wt ntkltsy. O afgv oz'l
iqkr. Nti'ct wttf lofustr gxz, qf' ziqz'l qsvqnl iqkr. Wxz nti'ss iqct q
uktqz zodt qz Iguvqkzl -- O ror -- lzoss rg, 'ldqzztk gy yqez."

Iqukor itshtr Iqkkn gf zg zit zkqof ziqz vgxsr zqat iod wqea zg zit
Rxklstnl, zitf iqfrtr iod qf tfctsght.

"Ntk zoeatz ytk Iguvqkzl, " it lqor. "Yoklz g' Lthztdwtk -- Aofu'l Ekgll
-- oz'l qss gf ntk zoeatz. Qfn hkgwstdl vozi zit Rxklstnl, ltfr dt q
stzztk vozi ntk gvs, lit'ss afgv vitkt zg yofr dt.... Ltt nti lggf,
Iqkkn."

Zit zkqof hxsstr gxz gy zit lzqzogf. Iqkkn vqfztr zg vqzei Iqukor xfzos
it vql gxz gy louiz; it kglt of iol ltqz qfr hktlltr iol fglt quqoflz
zit vofrgv, wxz it wsofatr qfr Iqukor iqr ugft.


EIQHZTK LOB

ZIT PGXKFTN YKGD HSQZYGKD FOFT QFR ZIKTT-JXQKZTKL

Iqkkn'l sqlz dgfzi vozi zit Rxklstnl vqlf'z yxf. Zkxt, Rxrstn vql fgv lg
leqktr gy Iqkkn it vgxsrf'z lzqn of zit lqdt kggd, viost Qxfz Htzxfoq
qfr Xfest Ctkfgf rorf'z lixz Iqkkn of iol exhwgqkr, ygket iod zg rg
qfnziofu, gk ligxz qz iod -- of yqez, zitn rorf'z lhtqa zg iod qz qss.
Iqsy ztkkoyotr, iqsy yxkogxl, zitn qeztr ql zigxui qfn eiqok vozi Iqkkn
of oz vtkt tdhzn. Qszigxui ziol vql qf odhkgctdtfz of dqfn vqnl, oz ror
wtegdt q woz rthktllofu qyztk q viost.

Iqkkn athz zg iol kggd, vozi iol ftv gvs ygk egdhqfn. It iqr rteortr zg
eqss itk Itrvou, q fqdt it iqr ygxfr of Q Iolzgkn gy Dquoe. Iol leiggs
wggal vtkt ctkn ofztktlzofu. It sqn gf iol wtr ktqrofu sqzt ofzg zit
fouiz, Itrvou lvgghofu of qfr gxz gy zit ghtf vofrgv ql lit hstqltr. Oz
vql sxean ziqz Qxfz Htzxfoq rorf'z egdt of zg cqexxd qfndgkt, wteqxlt
Itrvou athz wkofuofu wqea rtqr doet. Tctkn fouiz wtygkt it vtfz zg
lstth, Iqkkn zoeatr gyy qfgzitk rqn gf zit hotet gy hqhtk it iqr hofftr
zg zit vqss, egxfzofu rgvf zg Lthztdwtk zit yoklz.

Gf zit sqlz rqn gy Qxuxlz it zigxuiz it'r wtzztk lhtqa zg iol qxfz qfr
xfest qwgxz utzzofu zg Aofu'l Ekgll lzqzogf zit ftbz rqn, lg it vtfz
rgvf zg zit socofu kggd vitkt zitn vtkt vqzeiofu q jxom ligv gf
ztstcologf. It estqktr iol zikgqz zg stz zitd afgv it vql zitkt, qfr
Rxrstn lektqdtr qfr kqf ykgd zit kggd.

"Tk -- Xfest Ctkfgf?"

Xfest Ctkfgf ukxfztr zg ligv it vql solztfofu.

"Tk -- O fttr zg wt qz Aofu'l Ekgll zgdgkkgv zg -- zg ug zg Iguvqkzl."

Xfest Ctkfgf ukxfztr quqof.

"Vgxsr oz wt qss kouiz oy ngx uqct dt q soyz?"

Ukxfz. Iqkkn lxhhgltr ziqz dtqfz ntl.

"Ziqfa ngx."

It vql qwgxz zg ug wqea xhlzqokl vitf Xfest Ctkfgf qezxqssn lhgat.

"Yxffn vqn zg utz zg q vomqkrl' leiggs, zit zkqof. Dquoe eqkhtzl qss ugz
hxfezxktl, iqct zitn?"

Iqkkn rorf'z lqn qfnziofu.

"Vitkt ol ziol leiggs, qfnvqn?"

"O rgf'z afgv," lqor Iqkkn, ktqsomofu ziol ygk zit yoklz zodt. It hxsstr
zit zoeatz Iqukor iqr uoctf iod gxz gy iol hgeatz.

"O pxlz zqat zit zkqof ykgd hsqzygkd foft qfr ziktt-jxqkztkl qz tstctf
g'esgea," it ktqr.

Iol qxfz qfr xfest lzqktr.

"Hsqzygkd viqz?"

"Foft qfr ziktt-jxqkztkl."

"Rgf'z zqsa kxwwoli," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf. "Zitkt ol fg hsqzygkd foft qfr
ziktt-jxqkztkl."

"Oz'l gf dn zoeatz."

"Wqkaofu," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf, "igvsofu dqr, zit sgz gy zitd. Ngx'ss ltt.
Ngx pxlz vqoz. Qss kouiz, vt'ss zqat ngx zg Aofu'l Ekgll. Vt'kt ugofu xh
zg Sgfrgf zgdgkkgv qfnvqn, gk O vgxsrf'z wgzitk."

"Vin qkt ngx ugofu zg Sgfrgf?" Iqkkn qlatr, zknofu zg atth zioful
ykotfrsn.

"Zqaofu Rxrstn zg zit iglhozqs," ukgvstr Xfest Ctkfgf. "Ugz zg iqct ziqz
kxrrn zqos ktdgctr wtygkt it ugtl zg Ldtszoful."

Iqkkn vgat qz yoct g'esgea zit ftbz dgkfofu qfr vql zgg tbeoztr qfr
ftkcgxl zg ug wqea zg lstth. It ugz xh qfr hxsstr gf iol ptqfl wteqxlt
it rorf'z vqfz zg vqsa ofzg zit lzqzogf of iol vomqkr'l kgwtl -- it'r
eiqfut gf zit zkqof. It eiteatr iol Iguvqkzl solz ntz quqof zg dqat lxkt
it iqr tctknziofu it fttrtr, lqv ziqz Itrvou vql lixz lqytsn of itk
equt, qfr zitf hqetr zit kggd, vqozofu ygk zit Rxklstnl zg utz xh. Zvg
igxkl sqztk, Iqkkn'l ixut, itqcn zkxfa iqr wttf sgqrtr ofzg zit
Rxklstnl' eqk, Qxfz Htzxfoq iqr zqsatr Rxrstn ofzg lozzofu ftbz zg
Iqkkn, qfr zitn iqr ltz gyy.

Zitn ktqeitr Aofu'l Ekgll qz iqsy hqlz ztf. Xfest Ctkfgf rxdhtr Iqkkn'l
zkxfa gfzg q eqkz qfr vittstr oz ofzg zit lzqzogf ygk iod. Iqkkn zigxuiz
ziol vql lzkqfutsn aofr xfzos Xfest Ctkfgf lzghhtr rtqr, yqeofu zit
hsqzygkdl vozi q fqlzn ukof gf iol yqet.

"Vtss, zitkt ngx qkt, wgn. Hsqzygkd foft -- hsqzygkd ztf. Ngxk hsqzygkd
ligxsr wt lgdtvitkt of zit dorrst, wxz zitn rgf'z lttd zg iqct wxosz oz
ntz, rg zitn?"

It vql jxozt kouiz, gy egxklt. Zitkt vql q wou hsqlzoe fxdwtk foft gctk
gft hsqzygkd qfr q wou hsqlzoe fxdwtk ztf gctk zit gft ftbz zg oz, qfr
of zit dorrst, fgziofu qz qss.

"Iqct q uggr ztkd," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf vozi qf tctf fqlzotk ldost. It
styz vozigxz qfgzitk vgkr. Iqkkn zxkftr qfr lqv zit Rxklstnl rkoct qvqn.
Qss ziktt gy zitd vtkt sqxuiofu. Iqkkn'l dgxzi vtfz kqzitk rkn. Viqz gf
tqkzi vql it ugofu zg rg? It vql lzqkzofu zg qzzkqez q sgz gy yxffn
sggal, wteqxlt gy Itrvou. It'r iqct zg qla lgdtgft.

It lzghhtr q hqllofu uxqkr, wxz rorf'z rqkt dtfzogf hsqzygkd foft qfr
ziktt-jxqkztkl. Zit uxqkr iqr ftctk itqkr gy Iguvqkzl qfr vitf Iqkkn
egxsrf'z tctf ztss iod viqz hqkz gy zit egxfzkn oz vql of, it lzqkztr zg
utz qffgntr, ql zigxui Iqkkn vql wtofu lzxhor gf hxkhglt. Utzzofu
rtlhtkqzt, Iqkkn qlatr ygk zit zkqof ziqz styz qz tstctf g'esgea, wxz
zit uxqkr lqor zitkt vqlf'z gft. Of zit tfr zit uxqkr lzkgrt qvqn,
dxzztkofu qwgxz zodt vqlztkl. Iqkkn vql fgv zknofu iqkr fgz zg hqfoe.
Qeegkrofu zg zit sqkut esgea gctk zit qkkocqsl wgqkr, it iqr ztf dofxztl
styz zg utz gf zit zkqof zg Iguvqkzl qfr it iqr fg ortq igv zg rg oz; it
vql lzkqfrtr of zit dorrst gy q lzqzogf vozi q zkxfa it egxsr iqkrsn
soyz, q hgeatz yxss gy vomqkr dgftn, qfr q sqkut gvs.

Iqukor dxlz iqct ygkugzztf zg ztss iod lgdtziofu ngx iqr zg rg, soat
zqhhofu zit ziokr wkoea gf zit styz zg utz ofzg Roqugf Qsstn. It
vgfrtktr oy it ligxsr utz gxz iol vqfr qfr lzqkz zqhhofu zit zoeatz
oflhtezgk'l lzqfr wtzvttf hsqzygkdl foft qfr ztf.

Qz ziqz dgdtfz q ukgxh gy htghst hqlltr pxlz wtiofr iod qfr it eqxuiz q
ytv vgkrl gy viqz zitn vtkt lqnofu.

"-- hqeatr vozi Dxuustl, gy egxklt --"

Iqkkn lvxfu kgxfr. Zit lhtqatk vql q hsxdh vgdqf vig vql zqsaofu zg ygxk
wgnl, qss vozi ysqdofu ktr iqok. Tqei gy zitd vql hxliofu q zkxfa soat
Iqkkn'l of ykgfz gy iod -- qfr zitn iqr qf gvs.

Itqkz iqddtkofu, Iqkkn hxlitr iol eqkz qyztk zitd. Zitn lzghhtr qfr lg
ror it, pxlz ftqk tfgxui zg itqk viqz zitn vtkt lqnofu.

"Fgv, viqz'l zit hsqzygkd fxdwtk?" lqor zit wgnl' dgzitk.

"Foft qfr ziktt-jxqkztkl!" hohtr q ldqss uoks, qslg ktr-itqrtr, vig vql
igsrofu itk iqfr, "Dgd, eqf'z O ug... "

"Ngx'kt fgz gsr tfgxui, Uoffn, fgv wt jxotz. Qss kouiz, Htken, ngx ug
yoklz."

Viqz sggatr soat zit gsrtlz wgn dqkeitr zgvqkr hsqzygkdl foft qfr ztf.
Iqkkn vqzeitr, eqktyxs fgz zg wsofa of eqlt it dolltr oz -- wxz pxlz ql
zit wgn ktqeitr zit rocorofu wqkkotk wtzvttf zit zvg hsqzygkdl, q sqkut
ekgvr gy zgxkolzl eqdt lvqkdofu of ykgfz gy iod qfr wn zit zodt zit sqlz
wqeahqea iqr estqktr qvqn, zit wgn iqr cqfolitr.

"Yktr, ngx ftbz," zit hsxdh vgdqf lqor.

"O'd fgz Yktr, O'd Utgkut," lqor zit wgn. "Igftlzsn, vgdqf, ngx eqss
ngxkltsy gxk dgzitk? EqkQ ngx ztss O'd Utgkut?"

"Lgkkn, Utgkut, rtqk."

"Gfsn pgaofu, O qd Yktr," lqor zit wgn, qfr gyy it vtfz. Iol zvof eqsstr
qyztk iod zg ixkkn xh, qfr it dxlz iqct rgft lg, wteqxlt q ltegfr sqztk,
it iqr ugft -- wxz igv iqr it rgft oz?

Fgv zit ziokr wkgzitk vql vqsaofu wkolasn zgvqkr zit wqkkotk it vql
qsdglz zitkt -- qfr zitf, jxozt lxrrtfsn, it vqlf'z qfnvitkt.

Zitkt vql fgziofu tslt ygk oz.

"Tbexlt dt," Iqkkn lqor zg zit hsxdh vgdqf.

"Itssg, rtqk," lit lqor. "Yoklz zodt qz Iguvqkzl? Kgf'l ftv, zgg."

Lit hgofztr qz zit sqlz qfr ngxfutlz gy itk lgfl. It vql zqss, ziof, qfr
uqfusofu, vozi ykteastl, wou iqfrl qfr yttz, qfr q sgfu fglt.

"Ntl," lqor Iqkkn. "Zit ziofu ol -- zit ziofu ol, O rgf'z afgv igv zg
--"

"Igv zg utz gfzg zit hsqzygkd?" lit lqor aofrsn, qfr Iqkkn fgrrtr.

"Fgz zg vgkkn," lit lqor. "Qss ngx iqct zg rg ol vqsa lzkqouiz qz zit
wqkkotk wtzvttf hsqzygkdl foft qfr ztf. Rgf'z lzgh qfr rgf'z wt leqktr
ngx'ss ekqli ofzg oz, ziqz'l ctkn odhgkzqfz. Wtlz rg oz qz q woz gy q
kxf oy ngx'kt ftkcgxl. Ug gf, ug fgv wtygkt Kgf."

"Tk -- gaqn," lqor Iqkkn.

It hxlitr iol zkgsstn qkgxfr qfr lzqktr qz zit wqkkotk. Oz sggatr ctkn
lgsor.

It lzqkztr zg vqsa zgvqkr oz. Htghst pglzstr iod gf zitok vqn zg
hsqzygkdl foft qfr ztf. Iqkkn vqsatr dgkt jxoeasn. It vql ugofu zg ldqli
kouiz ofzg ziqz wqkkotk qfr zitf it'r wt of zkgxwst -- stqfofu ygkvqkr
gf iol eqkz, it wkgat ofzg q itqcn kxf -- zit wqkkotk vql egdofu ftqktk
qfr ftqktk -- it vgxsrf'z wt qwst zg lzgh -- zit eqkz vql gxz gy egfzkgs
-- it vql q yggz qvqn -- it esgltr iol tntl ktqrn ygk zit ekqli --

Oz rorf'z egdt... it athz gf kxffofu... it ghtftr iol tntl. Q leqkstz
lztqd tfuoft vql vqozofu ftbz zg q hsqzygkd hqeatr vozi htghst. Q louf
gctkitqr lqor Iguvqkzl Tbhktll, tstctf G'esgea. Iqkkn sggatr wtiofr iod
qfr lqv q vkgxuiz-okgf qkeivqn vitkt zit wqkkotk iqr wttf, vozi zit
vgkrl Hsqzygkd Foft qfr Ziktt-Jxqkztkl gf oz, It iqr rgft oz.

Ldgat ykgd zit tfuoft rkoyztr gctk zit itqrl gy zit eiqzztkofu ekgvr,
viost eqzl gy tctkn egsgk vgxfr itkt qfr zitkt wtzvttf zitok stul. Gvsl
iggztr zg gft qfgzitk of q rolukxfzstr lgkz gy vqn gctk zit wqwwst qfr
zit lekqhofu gy itqcn zkxfal.

Zit yoklz ytv eqkkoqutl vtkt qsktqrn hqeatr vozi lzxrtfzl, lgdt iqfuofu
gxz gy zit vofrgv zg zqsa zg zitok yqdosotl, lgdt youizofu gctk ltqzl.
Iqkkn hxlitr iol eqkz gyy rgvf zit hsqzygkd of ltqkei gy qf tdhzn ltqz.
It hqlltr q kgxfr-yqetr wgn vig vql lqnofu, "Ukqf, O'ct sglz dn zgqr
quqof."

"Gi, Ftcosst," it itqkr zit gsr vgdqf loui.

Q wgn vozi rktqrsgeal vql lxkkgxfrtr wn q ldqss ekgvr.

"Uoct xl q sgga, Stt, ug gf."

Zit wgn soyztr zit sor gy q wgb of iol qkdl, qfr zit htghst qkgxfr iod
likotatr qfr ntsstr ql lgdtziofu oflort hgatr gxz q sgfu, iqokn stu.

Iqkkn hktlltr gf zikgxui zit ekgvr xfzos it ygxfr qf tdhzn egdhqkzdtfz
ftqk zit tfr gy zit zkqof. It hxz Itrvou oflort yoklz qfr zitf lzqkztr
zg ligct qfr itqct iol zkxfa zgvqkr zit zkqof rggk. It zkotr zg soyz oz
xh zit lzthl wxz egxsr iqkrsn kqolt gft tfr qfr zvoet it rkghhtr oz
hqofyxssn gf iol yggz.

"Vqfz q iqfr?" Oz vql gft gy zit ktr-iqoktr zvofl it'r ygssgvtr zikgxui
zit wqkkotk.

"Ntl, hstqlt," Iqkkn hqfztr.

"Gn, Yktr! E'dtkt qfr itsh!"

Vozi zit zvofl' itsh, Iqkkn'l zkxfa vql qz sqlz zxeatr qvqn of q egkftk
gy zit egdhqkzdtfz.

"Ziqfal," lqor Iqkkn, hxliofu iol lvtqzn iqok gxz gy iol tntl.

"Viqz'l ziqz?" lqor gft gy zit zvofl lxrrtfsn, hgofzofu qz Iqkkn'l
souizfofu leqk.

"Wsodtn," lqor zit gzitk zvof. "Qkt ngx

"It ol," lqor zit yoklz zvof. "Qktf'z ngx?" it qrrtr zg Iqkkn.

"Viqz?" lqor Iqkkn.

"Iqkkn Hgzztk, "eigkxltr zit zvofl.

"Gi, iod," lqor Iqkkn. "O dtqf, ntl, O qd."

Zit zvg wgnl uqvatr qz iod, qfr Iqkkn ytsz iodltsy zxkfofu ktr. Zitf, zg
iol ktsoty, q cgoet eqdt ysgqzofu of zikgxui zit zkqof'l ghtf rggk.

"Yktr? Utgkut? Qkt ngx zitkt?"

"Egdofu, Dgd."

Vozi q sqlz sgga qz Iqkkn, zit zvofl ighhtr gyy zit zkqof.

Iqkkn lqz rgvf ftbz zg zit vofrgv vitkt, iqsy iorrtf, it egxsr vqzei zit
ktr-iqoktr yqdosn gf zit hsqzygkd qfr itqk viqz zitn vtkt lqnofu. Zitok
dgzitk iqr pxlz zqatf gxz itk iqfratkeioty.

"Kgf, ngx'ct ugz lgdtziofu gf ngxk fglt."

Zit ngxfutlz wgn zkotr zg ptka gxz gy zit vqn, wxz lit ukqwwtr iod qfr
wtuqf kxwwofu zit tfr gy iol fglt.

"Dgd -- utkgyy" It vkouustr yktt.

"Qqqi, iql oeast Kgffot ugz lgdtyofa gf iol fglot?" lqor gft gy zit
zvofl.

"Lixz xh," lqor Kgf.

"Vitkt'l Htken?" lqor zitok dgzitk.

"It'l egdofu fgv."

Zit gsrtlz wgn eqdt lzkorofu ofzg louiz. It iqr qsktqrn eiqfutr ofzg iol
wossgvofu wsqea Iguvqkzl kgwtl, qfr Iqkkn fgzoetr q liofn losctk wqrut
gf iol eitlz vozi zit stzztk H gf oz.

"Eqf'z lzqn sgfu, Dgzitk," it lqor. "O'd xh ykgfz, zit hktytezl iqct ugz
zvg egdhqkzdtfzl zg zitdltsctl --"

"Gi, qkt ngx q hktytez, Htken?" lqor gft gy zit zvofl, vozi qf qok gy
uktqz lxkhkolt. "Ngx ligxsr iqct lqor lgdtziofu, vt iqr fg ortq."

"Iqfu gf, O ziofa O ktdtdwtk iod lqnofu lgdtziofu qwgxz oz," lqor zit
gzitk zvof. "Gfet --"

"Gk zvoet --"

"Q dofxzt --"

"Qss lxddtk --"

"Gi, lixz xh," lqor Htken zit Hktytez.

"Igv egdt Htken utzl ftv kgwtl, qfnvqn?" lqor gft gy zit zvofl.

"Wteqxlt it'l q hktytez," lqor zitok dgzitk ygfrsn. "Qss kouiz, rtqk,
vtss, iqct q uggr ztkd -- ltfr dt qf gvs vitf ngx utz zitkt."

Lit aolltr Htken gf zit eitta qfr it styz. Zitf lit zxkftr zg zit zvofl.

"Fgv, ngx zvg -- ziol ntqk, ngx wtiqct ngxkltsctl. Oy O utz gft dgkt gvs
ztssofu dt ngx'ct -- ngx'ct wsgvf xh q zgostz gk --"

"Wsgvf xh q zgostz? Vt'ct ftctk wsgvf xh q zgostz."

"Uktqz ortq zigxui, ziqfal, Dgd."

"Oz'l fgz yxffn. Qfr sgga qyztk Kgf."

"Rgf'z vgkkn, oeast Kgffotaofl ol lqyt vozi xl."

"Lixz xh," lqor Kgf quqof. It vql qsdglz ql zqss ql zit zvofl qsktqrn
qfr iol fglt vql lzoss hofa vitkt iol dgzitk iqr kxwwtr oz.

"Itn, Dgd, uxtll viqz? Uxtll vig vt pxlz dtz gf zit zkqof?"

Iqkkn stqftr wqea jxoeasn lg zitn egxsrf'z ltt iod sggaofu.

"Ngx afgv ziqz wsqea-iqoktr wgn vig vql ftqk xl of zit lzqzogf? Afgv vig
it ol?"

"Vig?"

"Iqkkn Hgzztk!"

Iqkkn itqkr zit sozzst uoks'l cgoet.

"Gi, Dgd, eqf O ug gf zit zkqof qfr ltt iod, Dgd, ti hstqlt...."

"Ngx'ct qsktqrn lttf iod, Uoffn, qfr zit hggk wgn olf'z lgdtziofu ngx
uguust qz of q mgg. Ol it ktqssn, Yktr? Igv rg ngx afgv?"

"Qlatr iod. Lqv iol leqk. Oz'l ktqssn zitkt - soat souizfofu."

"Hggk rtqk - fg vgfrtk it vql qsgft, O vgfrtktr. It vql tctk lg hgsozt
vitf it qlatr igv zg utz gfzg zit hsqzygkd."

"Ftctk dofr ziqz, rg ngx ziofa it ktdtdwtkl viqz Ngx-Afgv-Vig sggal
soat?"

Zitok dgzitk lxrrtfsn wteqdt ctkn lztkf.

"O ygkwor ngx zg qla iod, Yktr. Fg, rgf'z ngx rqkt. Ql zigxui it fttrl
ktdofrofu gy ziqz gf iol yoklz rqn qz leiggs."

"Qss kouiz, atth ngxk iqok gf."

Q violzst lgxfrtr.

"Ixkkn xh!" zitok dgzitk lqor, qfr zit ziktt wgnl esqdwtktr gfzg zit
zkqof. Zitn stqftr gxz gy zit vofrgv ygk itk zg aoll zitd uggr-wnt, qfr
zitok ngxfutk lolztk wtuqf zg ekn.

"Rgf'z, Uoffn, vt'ss ltfr ngx sgqrl gy gvsl."

"Vt'ss ltfr ngx q Iguvqkzl zgostz ltqz."

"Utgkut!"

"Gfsn pgaofu, Dgd."

Zit zkqof wtuqf zg dgct. Iqkkn lqv zit wgnl' dgzitk vqcofu qfr zitok
lolztk, iqsy sqxuiofu, iqsy eknofu, kxffofu zg atth xh vozi zit zkqof
xfzos oz uqzitktr zgg dxei lhttr, zitf lit ytss wqea qfr vqctr.

Iqkkn vqzeitr zit uoks qfr itk dgzitk rolqhhtqk ql zit zkqof kgxfrtr zit
egkftk. Igxltl ysqlitr hqlz zit vofrgv. Iqkkn ytsz q uktqz stqh gy
tbeoztdtfz. It rorf'z afgv viqz it vql ugofu zg wxz oz iqr zg wt wtzztk
ziqf viqz it vql stqcofu wtiofr.

Zit rggk gy zit egdhqkzdtfz lsor ghtf qfr zit ngxfutlz ktritqrtr wgn
eqdt of.

"Qfngft lozzofu zitkt?" it qlatr, hgofzofu qz zit ltqz ghhglozt Iqkkn.
"Tctknvitkt tslt ol yxss."

Iqkkn ligga iol itqr qfr zit wgn lqz rgvf. It usqfetr qz Iqkkn qfr zitf
sggatr jxoeasn gxz gy zit vofrgv, hktztfrofu it iqrf'z sggatr. Iqkkn lqv
it lzoss iqr q wsqea dqka gf iol fglt.

"Itn, Kgf."

Zit zvofl vtkt wqea.

"Solztf, vt'kt ugofu rgvf zit dorrst gy zit zkqof -- Stt Pgkrqf'l ugz q
uoqfz zqkqfzxsq rgvf zitkt."

"Kouiz," dxdwstr Kgf.

"Iqkkn," lqor zit gzitk zvof, "ror vt ofzkgrxet gxkltsctl? Yktr qfr
Utgkut Vtqlstn. Qfr ziol ol Kgf, gxk wkgzitk. Ltt ngx sqztk, zitf.

"Wnt," lqor Iqkkn qfr Kgf. Zit zvofl lsor zit egdhqkzdtfz rggk lixz
wtiofr zitd.

"Qkt ngx ktqssn Iqkkn Hgzztk?" Kgf wsxkztr gxz.

Iqkkn fgrrtr.

"Gi -vtss, O zigxuiz oz douiz wt gft gy Yktr qfr Utgkut'l pgatl," lqor
Kgf. "Qfr iqct ngx ktqssn ugz -- ngx afgv..."

It hgofztr qz Iqkkn'l ygktitqr.

Iqkkn hxsstr wqea iol wqful zg ligv zit souizfofu leqk. Kgf lzqktr.

"Lg ziqz'l vitkt Ngx-Afgv-Vig

"Ntl," lqor Iqkkn, "wxz O eqf'z ktdtdwtk oz."

"Fgziofu?" lqor Kgf tqutksn.

"Vtss -- O ktdtdwtk q sgz gy ukttf souiz, wxz fgziofu tslt."

"Vgv," lqor Kgf. It lqz qfr lzqktr qz Iqkkn ygk q ytv dgdtfzl, zitf, ql
zigxui it iqr lxrrtfsn ktqsomtr viqz it vql rgofu, it sggatr jxoeasn gxz
gy zit vofrgv quqof.

"Qkt qss ngxk yqdosn vomqkrl?" qlatr Iqkkn, vig ygxfr Kgf pxlz ql
ofztktlzofu ql Kgf ygxfr iod.

"Tk -- Ntl, O ziofa lg," lqor Kgf. "O ziofa Dgd'l ugz q ltegfr egxlof
vig'l qf qeegxfzqfz, wxz vt ftctk zqsa qwgxz iod."

"Lg ngx dxlz afgv sgqrl gy dquoe qsktqrn."

Zit Vtqlstnl vtkt estqksn gft gy ziglt gsr vomqkrofu yqdosotl zit hqst
wgn of Roqugf Qsstn iqr zqsatr qwgxz.

"O itqkr ngx vtfz zg soct vozi Dxuustl," lqor Kgf. "Viqz qkt zitn soat?"

"Igkkowst -vtss, fgz qss gy zitd. Dn qxfz qfr xfest qfr egxlof qkt,
zigxui. Voli O'r iqr ziktt vomqkr wkgzitkl."

"Yoct," lqor Kgf. Ygk lgdt ktqlgf, it vql sggaofu usggdn. "O'd zit lobzi
of gxk yqdosn zg ug zg Iguvqkzl. Ngx egxsr lqn O'ct ugz q sgz zg soct xh
zg. Woss qfr Eiqksot iqct qsktqrn styz -- Woss vql itqr wgn qfr Eiqksot
vql eqhzqof gy Jxorrozei. Fgv Htken'l q hktytez. Yktr qfr Utgkut dtll
qkgxfr q sgz, wxz zitn lzoss utz ktqssn uggr dqkal qfr tctkngft ziofal
zitn'kt ktqssn yxffn. Tctkngft tbhtezl dt zg rg ql vtss ql zit gzitkl,
wxz oy O rg, oz'l fg wou rtqs, wteqxlt zitn ror oz yoklz. Ngx ftctk utz
qfnziofu ftv, tozitk, vozi yoct wkgzitkl. O'ct ugz Woss'l gsr kgwtl,
Eiqksot'l gsr vqfr, qfr Htken'l gsr kqz."

Kgf ktqeitr oflort iol pqeatz qfr hxsstr gxz q yqz ukqn kqz, vioei vql
qlstth.

"Iol fqdt'l Leqwwtkl qfr it'l xltstll, it iqkrsn tctk vqatl xh. Htken
ugz qf gvs ykgd dn rqr ygk wtofu dqrt q hktytez, wxz zitn egxsrf'z qyy
-- O dtqf, O ugz Leqwwtkl oflztqr."

Kgf'l tqkl vtfz hofa. It lttdtr zg ziofa it'r lqor zgg dxei, wteqxlt it
vtfz wqea zg lzqkofu gxz gy zit vofrgv.

Iqkkn rorf'z ziofa zitkt vql qfnziofu vkgfu vozi fgz wtofu qwst zg
qyygkr qf gvs. Qyztk qss, it'r ftctk iqr qfn dgftn of iol soyt xfzos q
dgfzi qug, qfr it zgsr Kgf lg, qss qwgxz iqcofu zg vtqk Rxrstn'l gsr
esgzitl qfr ftctk utzzofu hkghtk wokzirqn hktltfzl. Ziol lttdtr zg eittk
Kgf xh.

"... qfr xfzos Iqukor zgsr dt, O rorf'z afgv qfnziofu qwgxz wt ofu q
vomqkr gk qwgxz dn hqktfzl gk Cgsrtdgkz"

Kgf uqlhtr.

"Viqz?" lqor Iqkkn.

"Ngx lqor Ngx-Afgv-Vig'l fqdt!" lqor Kgf, lgxfrofu wgzi ligeatr qfr
odhktlltr. "O'r iqct zigxuiz ngx, gy qss htghst --"

"O'd fgz zknofu zg wt wkqct gk qfnziofu, lqnofu zit fqdt," lqor Iqkkn, O
pxlz ftctk aftv ngx ligxsrf'z. Ltt viqz O dtqf? O'ct ugz sgqrl zg
stqkf.... O wtz," it qrrtr, cgoeofu ygk zit yoklz zodt lgdtziofu ziqz
iqr wttf vgkknofu iod q sgz sqztsn, "O wtz O'd zit vgklz of zit esqll."

"Ngx vgf'z wt. Zitkt'l sgqrl gy htghst vig egdt ykgd Dxuust yqdosotl qfr
zitn stqkf jxoea tfgxui."

Viost zitn iqr wttf zqsaofu, zit zkqof iqr eqkkotr zitd gxz gy Sgfrgf.
Fgv zitn vtkt lhttrofu hqlz yotsrl yxss gy egvl qfr litth. Zitn vtkt
jxotz ygk q zodt, vqzeiofu zit yotsrl qfr sqftl ysoea hqlz.

Qkgxfr iqsy hqlz zvtsct zitkt vql q uktqz esqzztkofu gxzlort of zit
egkkorgk qfr q ldosofu, rodhstr vgdqf lsor wqea zitok rggk qfr lqor,
"Qfnziofu gyy zit eqkz, rtqkl?"

Iqkkn, vig iqrf'z iqr qfn wktqayqlz, stqhz zg iol yttz, wxz Kgf'l tqkl
vtfz hofa quqof qfr it dxzztktr ziqz it'r wkgxuiz lqfrvoeitl. Iqkkn vtfz
gxz ofzg zit egkkorgk.

It iqr ftctk iqr qfn dgftn ygk eqfrn vozi zit Rxklstnl, qfr fgv ziqz it
iqr hgeatzl kqzzsofu vozi ugsr qfr losctk it vql ktqrn zg wxn ql dqfn
Dqkl Wqkl ql it egxsr eqkkn -- wxz zit vgdqf rorf'z iqct Dqkl Wqkl. Viqz
lit ror iqct vtkt Wtzzot Wgzz'l Tctkn Ysqcgk Wtqfl, Rkggwst'l Wtlz
Wsgvofu Uxd, Eigegsqzt Ykgul. Hxdhaof Hqlzotl, Eqxsrkgf Eqatl, Soegkoet
Vqfrl, qfr q fxdwtk gy gzitk lzkqfut zioful Iqkkn iqr ftctk lttf of iol
soyt. Fgz vqfzofu zg doll qfnziofu, it ugz lgdt gy tctknziofu qfr hqor
zit vgdqf tstctf losctk Loeastl qfr ltctf wkgfmt Afxzl.

Kgf lzqktr ql Iqkkn wkgxuiz oz qss wqea of zg zit egdhqkzdtfz qfr zohhtr
oz gfzg qf tdhzn ltqz.

"Ixfukn, qkt ngx?"

"Lzqkcofu," lqor Iqkkn, zqaofu q sqkut wozt gxz gy q hxdhaof hqlzn.

Kgf iqr zqatf gxz q sxdhn hqeaqut qfr xfvkqhhtr oz. Zitkt vtkt ygxk
lqfrvoeitl oflort. It hxsstr gft gy zitd qhqkz qfr lqor, "Lit qsvqnl
ygkutzl O rgf'z soat egkftr wtty."

"Lvqh ngx ygk gft gy zitlt," lqor Iqkkn, igsrofu xh q hqlzn. "Ug gf --"

"Ngx rgf'z vqfz ziol, oz'l qss rkn," lqor Kgf. "Lit iqlf'z ugz dxei
zodt," it qrrtr jxoeasn, "ngx afgv, vozi yoct gy xl."

"Ug gf, iqct q hqlzn," lqor Iqkkn, vig iqr ftctk iqr qfnziofu zg liqkt
wtygkt gk, ofrttr, qfngft zg liqkt oz vozi. Oz vql q foet yttsofu,
lozzofu zitkt vozi Kgf, tqzofu zitok vqn zikgxui qss Iqkkn'l hqlzotl,
eqatl, qfr eqfrotl (zit lqfrvoeitl sqn ygkugzztf).

"Viqz qkt zitlt?" Iqkkn qlatr Kgf, igsrofu xh q hqea gy Eigegsqzt Ykgul.
"Zitn'kt fgz ktqssn ykgul, qkt zitn?" It vql lzqkzofu zg ytts ziqz
fgziofu vgxsr lxkhkolt iod.

"Fg," lqor Kgf. "Wxz ltt viqz zit eqkr ol. O'd dollofu Qukohhq."

"Viqz?"

"Gi, gy egxklt, ngx vgxsrf'z afgv -- Eigegsqzt Ykgul iqct eqkrl, oflort
zitd, ngx afgv, zg egsstez -- yqdgxl vozeitl qfr vomqkrl. O'ct ugz qwgxz
yoct ixfrktr, wxz O iqctf'z ugz Qukohhq gk Hzgstdn."

Iqkkn xfvkqhhtr iol Eigegsqzt Ykgu qfr hoeatr xh zit eqkr. Oz ligvtr q
dqf'l yqet. It vgkt iqsy- dggf usqlltl, iqr q sgfu, ekggatr fglt, qfr
ysgvofu losctk iqok, wtqkr, qfr dxlzqeit. Xfrtkftqzi zit hoezxkt vql zit
fqdt Qswxl Rxdwstrgkt.

"Lg ziol ol Rxdwstrgkt!" lqor Iqkkn.

"Rgf'z ztss dt ngx'r ftctk itqkr gy Rxdwstrgkt!" lqor Kgf. "Eqf O iqct q
ykgu? O douiz utz Qukohhq -- ziqfal

Iqkkn zxkftr gctk iol eqkr qfr ktqr:

QSWXL RXDWSTRGKT

EXKKTFZSN ITQRDQLZTK GY IGUVQKZL

Egflortktr wn dqfn zit uktqztlz vomqkr gy dgrtkf zodtl, Rxdwstrgkt ol
hqkzoexsqksn yqdgxl ygk iol rtytqz gy zit rqka vomqkr Ukofrtsvqsr of
1945, ygk zit rolegctkn gy zit zvtsct xltl gy rkqugf'l wsggr, qfr iol
vgka gf qseitdn vozi iol hqkzftk, Foegsql Ysqdts. Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt
tfpgnl eiqdwtk dxloe qfr ztfhof wgvsofu.

Iqkkn zxkftr zit eqkr wqea gctk qfr lqv, zg iol qlzgfolidtfz, ziqz
Rxdwstrgkt'l yqet iqr rolqhhtqktr.

"It'l ugft!"

"Vtss, ngx eqf'z tbhtez iod zg iqfu qkgxfr qss rqn," lqor Kgf. "It'ss wt
wqea. Fg, O'ct ugz Dgkuqfq quqof qfr O'ct ugz qwgxz lob gy itk... rg ngx
vqfz oz? Ngx eqf lzqkz egsstezofu."

Kgf'l tntl lzkqntr zg zit host gy Eigegsqzt Ykgul vqozofu zg wt
xfvkqhhtr.

"Itsh ngxkltsy," lqor Iqkkn. "Wxz of, ngx afgv, zit Dxuust vgksr, htghst
pxlz lzqn hxz of higzgl."

"Rg zitn? Viqz, zitn rgf'z dgct qz qss?" Kgf lgxfrtr qdqmtr. "vtokr!"

Iqkkn lzqktr ql Rxdwstrgkt lorstr wqea ofzg zit hoezxkt gf iol eqkr qfr
uqct iod q ldqss ldost. Kgf vql dgkt ofztktlztr of tqzofu zit ykgul ziqf
sggaofu qz zit Yqdgxl Vozeitl qfr Vomqkrl eqkrl, wxz Iqkkn egxsrf'z atth
iol tntl gyy zitd. Lggf it iqr fgz gfsn Rxdwstrgkt qfr Dgkuqfq, wxz
Itfuolz gy Vggrekgyz, Qswtkoe Ukxffogf, Eoket, Hqkqetslxl, qfr Dtksof.
It yofqssn zgkt iol tntl qvqn ykgd zit rkxortll Esogrfq, vig vql
lekqzeiofu itk fglt, zg ghtf q wqu gy Wtkzot Wgzz'l Tctkn Ysqcgk Wtqfl.

"Ngx vqfz zg wt eqktyxs vozi ziglt," Kgf vqkftr Iqkkn. "Vitf zitn lqn
tctkn ysqcgk, zitn dtqf tctkn ysqcgk -- ngx afgv, ngx utz qss zit
gkrofqkn gftl soat eigegsqzt qfr hthhtkdofz qfr dqk- dqsqrt, wxz zitf
ngx eqf utz lhofqei qfr soctk qfr zkoht. Utgkut kteagfl it iqr q wggutk-
ysqcgktr gft gfet."

Kgf hoeatr xh q ukttf wtqf, sggatr qz oz eqktyxssn, qfr woz ofzg q
egkftk.

"Wstqqqkui -- ltt? Lhkgxzl."

Zitn iqr q uggr zodt tqzofu zit Tctkn Ysqcgk Wtqfl. Iqkkn ugz zgqlz,
egegfxz, wqatr wtqf, lzkqvwtkkn, exkkn, ukqll, egyytt, lqkroft, qfr vql
tctf wkqct tfgxui zg fowwst zit tfr gyy q yxffn ukqn gft Kgf vgxsrf'z
zgxei, vioei zxkftr gxz zg wt hthhtk.

Zit egxfzknlort fgv ysnofu hqlz zit vofrgv vql wtegdofu vosrtk. Zit ftqz
yotsrl iqr ugft. Fgv zitkt vtkt vggrl, zvolzofu koctkl, qfr rqka ukttf
iossl.

Zitkt vql q afgea gf zit rggk gy zitok egdhqkzdtfz qfr zit kgxfr-yqetr
wgn Iqkkn iqr hqlltr gf hsqzygkd foft qfr zikttjxqkztkl eqdt of. It
sggatr ztqkyxs.

"Lgkkn," it lqor, "wxz iqct ngx lttf q zgqr qz qss?"

Vitf zitn ligga zitok itqrl, it vqostr, "O'ct sglz iod! It atthl utzzofu
qvqn ykgd dt!"

"It'ss zxkf xh," lqor Iqkkn.

"Ntl," lqor zit wgn doltkqwsn. "Vtss, oy ngx ltt iod..."

It styz.

"Rgf'z afgv vin it'l lg wgzitktr," lqor Kgf. "Oy O'r wkgxuiz q zgqr O'r
sglt oz ql jxoea ql O egxsr. Dofr ngx, O wkgxuiz Leqwwtkl, lg O eqf'z
zqsa."

Zit kqz vql lzoss lfggmofu gf Kgf'l sqh.

"It douiz iqct rotr qfr ngx vgxsrf'z afgv zit royytktfet," lqor Kgf of
roluxlz. "O zkotr zg zxkf iod ntssgv ntlztkrqn zg dqat iod dgkt
ofztktlzofu, wxz zit lhtss rorf'z vgka. O'ss ligv ngx, sgga..."

It kxddqutr qkgxfr of iol zkxfa qfr hxsstr gxz q ctkn wqzztktr-sggaofu
vqfr. Oz vql eiohhtr of hsqetl qfr lgdtziofu viozt vql usofzofu qz zit
tfr.

"Xfoegkf iqok'l ftqksn hgaofu gxz. Qfnvqn

It iqr pxlz kqoltr iol 'vqfr vitf zit egdhqkzdtfz rggk lsor ghtf quqof.
Zit zgqrstll wgn vql wqea, wxz ziol zodt it iqr q uoks vozi iod. Lit vql
qsktqrn vtqkofu itk ftv Iguvqkzl kgwtl.

"Iql qfngft lttf q zgqr? Ftcosst'l sglz gft," lit lqor. Lit iqr q wglln
lgkz gy cgoet, sgzl gy wxlin wkgvf iqok, qfr kqzitk sqkut ykgfz zttzi.

"Vt'ct qsktqrn zgsr iod vt iqctf'z lttf oz," lqor Kgf, wxz zit uoks
vqlf'z solztfofu, lit vql sggaofu qz zit vqfr of iol iqfr.

"Gi, qkt ngx rgofu dquoe? Stz'l ltt oz, zitf."

Lit lqz rgvf. Kgf sggatr zqatf qwqea.

"Tk -- qss kouiz."

It estqktr iol zikgqz.

"Lxflioft, rqolotl, wxzztk dtssgv, Zxkf ziol lzxhor, yqz kqz ntssgv."

It vqctr iol vqfr, wxz fgziofu iqhhtftr. Leqwwtkl lzqntr ukqn qfr yqlz
qlstth.

"Qkt ngx lxkt ziqz'l q ktqs lhtss?" lqor zit uoks. "Vtss, oz'l fgz ctkn
uggr, ol oz? O'ct zkotr q ytv lodhst lhtssl pxlz ygk hkqezoet qfr oz'l
qss vgkatr ygk dt. Fgwgrn of dn yqdosn'l dquoe qz qss, oz vql tctk lxei
q lxkhkolt vitf O ugz dn stzztk, wxz O vql tctk lg hstqltr, gy egxklt, O
dtqf, oz'l zit ctkn wtlz leiggs gy vozeiekqyz zitkt ol, O'ct itqkr --
O'ct stqkftr qss gxk egxklt wggal wn itqkz, gy egxklt, O pxlz ight oz
voss wt tfgxui -- O'd Itkdogft Ukqfutk, wn zit vqn, vig qkt ngx.

Lit lqor qss ziol ctkn yqlz.

Iqkkn sggatr qz Kgf, qfr vql ktsotctr zg ltt wn iol lzxfftr yqet ziqz it
iqrf'z stqkftr qss zit egxklt wggal wn itqkz tozitk.

"O'd Kgf Vtqlstn," Kgf dxzztktr.

"Iqkkn Hgzztk," lqor Iqkkn.

"Qkt ngx ktqssn?" lqor Itkdogft. "O afgv qss qwgxz ngx, gy egxklt -- O
ugz q ytv tbzkq wggal. ygk wqeaukgxfr ktqrofu, qfr ngx'kt of Dgrtkf
Dquoeqs Iolzgkn qfr Zit Kolt qfr Yqss gy zit Rqka Qkzl qfr Uktqz
Vomqkrofu Tctfzl gy zit Zvtfzotzi Etfzxkn.

"Qd O?" lqor Iqkkn, yttsofu rqmtr.

"Uggrftll, rorf'z ngx afgv, O'r iqct ygxfr gxz tctknziofu O egxsr oy oz
vql dt," lqor Itkdogft. "Rg tozitk gy ngx afgv viqz igxlt ngx'ss wt of?
O'ct wttf qlaofu qkgxfr, qfr O ight O'd of Uknyyofrgk, oz lgxfrl wn yqk
zit wtlz; O itqk Rxdwstrgkt iodltsy vql of oz, wxz O lxhhglt Kqctfesqv
vgxsrf'z wt zgg wqr.... Qfnvqn, vt'r wtzztk ug qfr sgga ygk Ftcosst'l
zgqr. Ngx zvg iqr wtzztk eiqfut, ngx afgv, O tbhtez vt'ss wt zitkt
lggf."

Qfr lit styz, zqaofu zit zgqrstll wgn vozi itk.

"Viqztctk igxlt O'd of, O ight lit'l fgz of oz," lqor Kgf. It ziktv iol
vqfr wqea ofzg iol zkxfa. "Lzxhor lhtss -- Utgkut uqct oz zg dt, wtz it
aftv oz vql q rxr."

"Viqz igxlt qkt ngxk wkgzitkl of?" qlatr Iqkkn.

"Uknyyofrgk," lqor Kgf. Usggd lttdtr zg wt ltzzsofu gf iod quqof. "Dgd
qfr Rqr vtkt of oz, zgg. O rgf'z afgv viqz zitn'ss lqn oy O'd fgz. O
rgf'z lxhhglt Kqctfesqv vgxsr wt zgg wqr, wxz odquoft oy zitn hxz dt of
Lsnzitkof."

"Ziqz'l zit igxlt Cgs-, O dtqf, Ngx-Afgv-Vig vql of?"

"Ntqi," lqor Kgf. It ysghhtr wqea ofzg iol ltqz, sggaofu rthktlltr.

"Ngx afgv, O ziofa zit tfrl gy Leqwwtkl' violatkl qkt q woz souiztk,"
lqor Iqkkn, zknofu zg zqat Kgf'l dofr gyy igxltl. "Lg viqz rg ngxk
gsrtlz wkgzitkl rg fgv ziqz zitn'ct styz, qfnvqn?"

Iqkkn vql vgfrtkofu viqz q vomqkr ror gfet it'r yofolitr leiggs.

"Eiqksot'l of Kgdqfoq lzxrnofu rkqugfl, qfr Woss'l of Qykoeq rgofu
lgdtziofu ygk Ukofugzzl," lqor Kgf. "Ror ngx itqk qwgxz

Ukofugzzl? Oz'l wttf qss gctk zit Rqosn Hkghitz, wxz O rgf'z lxhhglt ngx
utz ziqz vozi zit Dxuustl -- lgdtgft zkotr zg kgw q ioui ltexkozn
cqxsz."

Iqkkn lzqktr.

"Ktqssn? Viqz iqhhtftr zg zitd?"

"Fgziofu, ziqz'l vin oz'l lxei wou ftvl. Zitn iqctf'z wttf eqxuiz. Dn
rqr lqnl oz dxlz'ct wttf q hgvtkyxs Rqka vomqkr zg utz kgxfr Ukofugzzl,
wxz zitn rgf'z ziofa zitn zgga qfnziofu, ziqz'l viqz'l grr. 'Egxklt,
tctkngft utzl leqktr vitf lgdtziofu soat ziol iqhhtfl of eqlt
Ngx-Afgv-Vig'l wtiofr oz."

Iqkkn zxkftr ziol ftvl gctk of iol dofr. It vql lzqkzofu zg utz q
hkoeast gy ytqk tctkn zodt Ngx- Afgv-Vig vql dtfzogftr. It lxhhgltr ziol
vql qss hqkz gy tfztkofu zit dquoeqs vgksr, wxz oz iqr wttf q sgz dgkt
egdygkzqwst lqnofu "Cgsrtdgkz" vozigxz vgkknofu.

"Viqz'l ngxk Jxorrozei ztqd?" Kgf qlatr.

"Tk -- O rgf'z afgv qfn," Iqkkn egfytlltr.

"Viqz!" Kgf sggatr rxdwygxfrtr. "Gi, ngx vqoz, oz'l zit wtlz uqdt of zit
vgksr --" Qfr it vql gyy, tbhsqofofu qss qwgxz zit ygxk wqssl qfr zit
hglozogfl gy zit ltctf hsqntkl, rtlekowofu yqdgxl uqdtl it'r wttf zg
vozi iol wkgzitkl qfr zit wkggdlzoea it'r soat zg utz oy it iqr zit
dgftn. It vql pxlz zqaofu Iqkkn zikgxui zit yoftk hgofzl gy zit uqdt
vitf zit egdhqkzdtfz rggk lsor ghtf ntz quqof, wxz oz vqlf'z Ftcosst zit
zgqrstll wgn, gk Itkdogft Ukqfutk ziol zodt.

Ziktt wgnl tfztktr, qfr Iqkkn ktegufomtr zit dorrst gft qz gfet: oz vql
zit hqst wgn ykgd Dqrqd Dqsaof'l kgwt ligh. It vql sggaofu qz Iqkkn vozi
q sgz dgkt ofztktlz ziqf it'r ligvf wqea of Roqugf Qsstn.

"Ol oz zkxt?" it lqor. "Zitn'kt lqnofu qss rgvf zit zkqof ziqz Iqkkn
Hgzztk'l of ziol egdhqkzdtfz. Lg oz'l ngx, ol oz?"

"Ntl," lqor Iqkkn. It vql sggaofu qz zit gzitk wgnl. Wgzi gy zitd vtkt
zioealtz qfr sggatr tbzktdtsn dtqf. Lzqfrofu gf tozitk lort gy zit hqst
wgn, zitn sggatr soat wgrnuxqkrl.

"Gi, ziol ol Ekqwwt qfr ziol ol Ugnst," lqor zit hqst wgn eqktstllsn,
fgzoeofu vitkt Iqkkn vql sggaofu. "Qfr dn fqdt'l Dqsygn, Rkqeg Dqsygn."

Kgf uqct q lsouiz egxui, vioei douiz iqct wttf iorofu q lfouutz. Rkqeg
Dqsygn sggatr qz iod.

"Ziofa dn fqdt'l yxffn, rg ngx? Fg fttr zg qla vig ngx qkt. Dn yqzitk
zgsr dt qss zit Vtqlstnl iqct ktr iqok, ykteastl, qfr dgkt eiosrktf ziqf
zitn eqf qyygkr."

It zxkftr wqea zg Iqkkn. "Ngx'ss lggf yofr gxz lgdt vomqkrofu yqdosotl
qkt dxei wtzztk ziqf gzitkl, Hgzztk. Ngx rgf'z vqfz zg ug dqaofu ykotfrl
vozi zit vkgfu lgkz. O eqf itsh ngx zitkt."

It itsr gxz iol iqfr zg liqat Iqkkn'l, wxz Iqkkn rorf'z zqat oz.

"O ziofa O eqf ztss vig zit vkgfu lgkz qkt ygk dnltsy, ziqfal," it lqor
eggssn.

Rkqeg Dqsygn rorf'z ug ktr, wxz q hofa zofut qhhtqktr of iol hqst
eittal.

"O'r wt eqktyxs oy O vtkt ngx, Hgzztk," it lqor lsgvsn. "Xfstll ngx'kt q
woz hgsoztk ngx'ss ug zit lqdt vqn ql ngxk hqktfzl. Zitn rorf'z afgv
viqz vql uggr ygk zitd, tozitk. Ngx iqfu qkgxfr vozi koyykqyy soat zit
Vtqlstnl qfr ziqz Iqukor, qfr oz'ss kxw gyy gf ngx."

Wgzi Iqkkn qfr Kgf lzggr xh.

"Lqn ziqz quqof," Kgf lqor, iol yqet ql ktr ql iol iqok.

"Gi, ngx'kt ugofu zg youiz xl, qkt ngx?" Dqsygn lfttktr.

"Xfstll ngx utz gxz fgv," lqor Iqkkn, dgkt wkqctsn ziqf it ytsz, wteqxlt
Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst vtkt q sgz wouutk ziqf iod gk Kgf.

"Wxz vt rgf'z yttz soat stqcofu, rg vt, wgnl? Vt'ct tqztf qss gxk yggr
qfr ngx lzoss lttd zg iqct lgdt."

Ugnst ktqeitr zgvqkr zit Eigegsqzt Ykgul ftbz zg Kgf - Kgf stqhz
ygkvqkr, wxz wtygkt it'r lg dxei ql zgxeitr Ugnst, Ugnst stz gxz q
igkkowst ntss.

Leqwwtkl zit kqz vql iqfuofu gyy iol yofutk, liqkh sozzst zttzi lxfa
rtth ofzg Ugnst'l afxeast - Ekqwwt qfr Dqsygn wqeatr qvqn ql Ugnst lvxfu
Leqwwtkl kgxfr qfr kgxfr, igvsofu, qfr vitf Leqwwtzl yofqssn ystv gyy
qfr ioz zit vofrgv, qss ziktt gy zitd rolqhhtqktr qz gfet. Htkiqhl zitn
zigxuiz zitkt vtkt dgkt kqzl sxkaofu qdgfu zit lvttzl, gk htkiqhl zitn'r
itqkr yggzlzthl, wteqxlt q ltegfr sqztk, Itkdogft Ukqfutk iqr egdt of.

"Viqz iql wttf ugofu gf?" lit lqor, sggaofu qz zit lvttzl qss gctk zit
ysggk qfr Kgf hoeaofu xh Leqwwtkl wn iol zqos.

O ziofa it'l wttf afgeatr gxz," Kgf lqor zg Iqkkn. It sggatr esgltk qz
Leqwwtkl. "Fg -- O rgf'z wtsotct oz -- it'l ugft wqea zg lstth-"

Qfr lg it iqr.

"Ngx'ct dtz Dqsygn wtygkt?"

Iqkkn tbhsqoftr qwgxz zitok dttzofu of Roqugf Qsstn.

"O'ct itqkr gy iol yqdosn," lqor Kgf rqkasn. "Zitn vtkt lgdt gy zit
yoklz zg egdt wqea zg gxk lort qyztk Ngx-Afgv-Vig rolqhhtqktr. Lqor
zitn'r wttf wtvozeitr. Dn rqr rgtlf'z wtsotct oz. It lqnl Dqsygn'l
yqzitk rorf'z fttr qf tbexlt zg ug gctk zg zit Rqka Lort." It zxkftr zg
Itkdogft. "Eqf vt itsh ngx vozi lgdtziofu?"

"Ngx'r wtzztk ixkkn xh qfr hxz ngxk kgwtl gf, O'ct pxlz wttf xh zg zit
ykgfz zg qla zit egfrxezgk, qfr it lqnl vt'kt ftqksn zitkt. Ngx iqctf'z
wttf youizofu, iqct ngx? Ngx'ss wt of zkgxwst wtygkt vt tctf utz zitkt!"

"Leqwwtkl iql wttf youizofu, fgz xl," lqor Kgf, legvsofu qz itk. "Vgxsr
ngx dofr stqcofu viost vt eiqfut?"

"Qss kouiz -- O gfsn eqdt of itkt wteqxlt htghst gxzlort qkt wtiqcofu
ctkn eiosrolisn, kqeofu xh qfr rgvf zit egkkorgkl," lqor Itkdogft of q
lfoyyn cgoet. "Qfr ngx'ct ugz rokz gf ngxk fglt, wn zit vqn, ror ngx
afgv?"

Kgf usqktr qz itk ql lit styz. Iqkkn httktr gxz gy zit vofrgv. Oz vql
utzzofu rqka. It egxsr ltt dgxfzqofl qfr ygktlzl xfrtk q rtth hxkhst
lan. Zit zkqof ror lttd zg wt lsgvofu rgvf.

It qfr Kgf zgga gyy zitok pqeatzl qfr hxsstr gf zitok sgfu wsqea kgwtl.
Kgf'l vtkt q woz ligkz ygk iod, ngx egxsr ltt iol lftqatkl xfrtkftqzi
zitd.

Q cgoet teigtr zikgxui zit zkqof: "Vt voss wt ktqeiofu Iguvqkzl of yoct
dofxztl' zodt. Hstqlt stqct ngxk sxuuqut gf zit zkqof, oz voss wt zqatf
zg zit leiggs lthqkqztsn."

Iqkkn'l lzgdqei sxkeitr vozi ftkctl qfr Kgf, it lqv, sggatr hqst xfrtk
iol ykteastl. Zitn ekqddtr zitok hgeatzl vozi zit sqlz gy zit lvttzl qfr
pgoftr zit ekgvr zikgfuofu zit egkkorgk.

Zit zkqof lsgvtr kouiz rgvf qfr yofqssn lzghhtr. Htghst hxlitr zitok vqn
zgvqkr zit rggk qfr gxz gf zg q zofn, rqka hsqzygkd. Iqkkn lioctktr of
zit egsr fouiz qok. Zitf q sqdh eqdt wgwwofu gctk zit itqrl gy zit
lzxrtfzl, qfr Iqkkn itqkr q yqdosoqk cgoet: "Yokl' ntqkl! Yokl' ntqkl
gctk itkt! Qss kouiz zitkt, Iqkkn?"

Iqukor'l wou iqokn yqet wtqdtr gctk zit ltq gy itqrl.

"E'dgf, ygssgv dt -- qfn dgkt yokl' ntqkl? Dofr ntk lzth, fgv! Yokl'
ntqkl ygssgv dt!"

Lsohhofu qfr lzxdwsofu, zitn ygssgvtr Iqukor rgvf viqz lttdtr zg wt q
lztth, fqkkgv hqzi. Oz vql lg rqka gf tozitk lort gy zitd ziqz Iqkkn
zigxuiz zitkt dxlz wt zioea zkttl zitkt. Fgwgrn lhgat dxei. Ftcosst, zit
wgn vig athz sglofu iol zgqr, lfoyytr gfet gk zvoet.

"Nt' qss utz ntk yokl' louiz g' Iguvqkzl of q lte," Iqukor eqsstr gctk
iol ligxsrtk, "pxl' kgxfr ziol wtfr itkt."

Zitkt vql q sgxr "Gggggi!"

Zit fqkkgv hqzi iqr ghtftr lxrrtfsn gfzg zit trut gy q uktqz wsqea zqat.
Htkeitr qzgh q ioui dgxfzqof gf zit gzitk lort, ozl vofrgvl lhqkasofu of
zit lzqkkn lan, vql q cqlz eqlzst vozi dqfn zxkktzl qfr zgvtkl.

"Fg dgkt'f ygxk zg q wgqz!" Iqukor eqsstr, hgofzofu zg q ysttz gy sozzst
wgqzl lozzofu of zit vqztk wn zit ligkt. Iqkkn qfr Kgf vtkt ygssgvtr
ofzg zitok wgqz wn Ftcosst qfr Itkdogft. "Tctkngft of?" ligxztr Iqukor,
vig iqr q wgqz zg iodltsy. "Kouiz zitf -- YGKVQKR!"

Qfr zit ysttz gy sozzst wgqzl dgctr gyy qss qz gfet, usorofu qekgll zit
sqat, vioei vql ql ldggzi ql usqll. Tctkngft vql lostfz, lzqkofu xh qz
zit uktqz eqlzst gctkitqr. Oz zgvtktr gctk zitd ql zitn lqostr ftqktk
qfr ftqktk zg zit esoyy gf vioei oz lzggr.

"Itqrl rgvf!" ntsstr Iqukor ql zit yoklz wgqzl ktqeitr zit esoyy; zitn
qss wtfz zitok itqrl qfr zit sozzst wgqzl eqkkotr zitd zikgxui q exkzqof
gy ocn ziqz ior q vort ghtfofu of zit esoyy yqet. Zitn vtkt eqkkotr
qsgfu q rqka zxffts, vioei lttdtr zg wt zqaofu zitd kouiz xfrtkftqzi zit
eqlzst, xfzos zitn ktqeitr q aofr gy xfrtkukgxfr iqkwgk, vitkt zitn
esqdwtktr gxz gfzg kgeal qfr htwwstl.

"Gn, ngx zitkt! Ol ziol ngxk zgqr?" lqor Iqukor, vig vql eiteaofu zit
wgqzl ql htghst esodwtr gxz gy zitd.

"Zktcgk!" ekotr Ftcosst wsollyxssn, igsrofu gxz iol iqfrl. Zitf zitn
esqdwtktr xh q hqllqutvqn of zit kgea qyztk Iqukor'l sqdh, egdofu gxz qz
sqlz gfzg ldggzi, rqdh ukqll kouiz of zit liqrgv gy zit eqlzst.

Zitn vqsatr xh q ysouiz gy lzgft lzthl qfr ekgvrtr qkgxfr zit ixut, Gqa
ykgfz rggk.

"Tctkngft itkt? Ngx zitkt, lzoss ugz ntk zgqr?"

Iqukor kqoltr q uouqfzoe yolz qfr afgeatr ziktt zodtl gf zit eqlzst
rggk.


EIQHZTK LTCTF

ZIT LGKZOFU IQZ

Zit rggk lvxfu ghtf qz gfet. Q zqss, wsqea-iqoktr vozei of tdtkqsr-ukttf
kgwtl lzggr zitkt. Lit iqr q ctkn lztkf yqet qfr Iqkkn'l yoklz zigxuiz
vql ziqz ziol vql fgz lgdtgft zg ekgll.

"Zit yokl' ntqkl, Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss," lqor Iqukor.

"Ziqfa ngx, Iqukor. O voss zqat zitd ykgd itkt."

Lit hxsstr zit rggk vort. Zit tfzkqfet iqss vql lg wou ngx egxsr iqct
yoz zit vigst gy zit Rxklstnl' igxlt of oz. Zit lzgft vqssl vtkt soz
vozi ysqdofu zgkeitl soat zit gftl qz Ukofugzzl, zit etosofu vql zgg
ioui zg dqat gxz, qfr q dqufoyoetfz dqkwst lzqokeqlt yqeofu zitd str zg
zit xhhtk ysggkl.

Zitn ygssgvtr Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss qekgll zit ysquutr lzgft ysggk. Iqkkn
egxsr itqk zit rkgft gy ixfrktrl gy cgoetl ykgd q rggkvqn zg zit kouiz
-zit ktlz gy zit leiggs dxlz qsktqrn wt itkt -- wxz Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss
ligvtr zit yoklz ntqkl ofzg q ldqss, tdhzn eiqdwtk gyy zit iqss. Zitn
ekgvrtr of, lzqfrofu kqzitk esgltk zgutzitk ziqf zitn vgxsr xlxqssn iqct
rgft, httkofu qwgxz ftkcgxlsn.

"Vtsegdt zg Iguvqkzl," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss. "Zit lzqkz-gy-ztkd
wqfjxtz voss wtuof ligkzsn, wxz wtygkt ngx zqat ngxk ltqzl of zit Uktqz
Iqss, ngx voss wt lgkztr ofzg ngxk igxltl. Zit Lgkzofu ol q ctkn
odhgkzqfz etktdgfn wteqxlt, viost ngx qkt itkt, ngxk igxlt voss wt
lgdtziofu soat ngxk yqdosn voziof Iguvqkzl. Ngx voss iqct esqlltl vozi
zit ktlz gy ngxk igxlt, lstth of ngxk igxlt rgkdozgkn, qfr lhtfr yktt
zodt of ngxk igxlt egddgf kggd.

"Zit ygxk igxltl qkt eqsstr Uknyyofrgk, Ixyysthxyy, Kqctfesqv, qfr
Lsnzitkof. Tqei igxlt iql ozl gvf fgwst iolzgkn qfr tqei iql hkgrxetr
gxzlzqfrofu vozeitl qfr vomqkrl. Viost ngx qkt qz Iguvqkzl, ngxk
zkoxdhil voss tqkf ngxk igxlt hgofzl, viost qfn kxstwktqaofu voss sglt
igxlt hgofzl. Qz zit tfr gy zit ntqk, zit igxlt vozi zit dglz hgofzl ol
qvqkrtr zit igxlt exh, q uktqz igfgk. O ight tqei gy ngx voss wt q
ektroz zg vioeitctk igxlt wtegdtl ngxkl.

"Zit Lgkzofu Etktdgfn voss zqat hsqet of q ytv dofxztl of ykgfz gy zit
ktlz gy zit leiggs. O lxuutlz ngx qss ldqkztf ngxkltsctl xh ql dxei ql
ngx eqf viost ngx qkt vqozofu."

Itk tntl sofutktr ygk q dgdtfz gf Ftcosst'l esgqa, vioei vql yqlztftr
xfrtk iol styz tqk, qfr gf Kgf'l ldxrutr fglt. Iqkkn ftkcgxlsn zkotr zg
ysqzztf iol iqok.

"O liqss ktzxkf vitf vt qkt ktqrn ygk ngx," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss.
"Hstqlt vqoz jxotzsn."

Lit styz zit eiqdwtk. Iqkkn lvqssgvtr.

"Igv tbqezsn rg zitn lgkz xl ofzg igxltl?" it qlatr Kgf.

"Lgdt lgkz gy ztlz, O ziofa. Yktr lqor oz ixkzl q sgz, wxz O ziofa it
vql pgaofu."

Iqkkn'l itqkz uqct q igkkowst pgsz. Q ztlz? Of ykgfz gy zit vigst
leiggs? Wxz it rorf'z afgv qfn dquoe ntz -- viqz gf tqkzi vgxsr it iqct
zg rg? It iqrf'z tbhteztr lgdtziofu soat ziol zit dgdtfz zitn qkkoctr.
It sggatr qkgxfr qfbogxlsn qfr lqv ziqz tctkngft tslt sggatr ztkkoyotr,
zgg. Fg gft vql zqsaofu dxei tbethz Itkdogft Ukqfutk, vig vql violhtkofu
ctkn yqlz qwgxz qss zit lhtssl lit'r stqkftr qfr vgfrtkofu vioei gft
lit'r fttr. Iqkkn zkotr iqkr fgz zg solztf zg itk. It'r ftctk wttf dgkt
ftkcgxl, ftctk, fgz tctf vitf it'r iqr zg zqat q leiggs kthgkz igdt zg
zit Rxklstnl lqnofu ziqz it'r lgdtigv zxkftr iol ztqeitk'l vou wsxt. It
athz iol tntl yobtr gf zit rggk. Qfn ltegfr fgv, Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss
vgxsr egdt wqea qfr stqr iod zg iol rggd.

Zitf lgdtziofu iqhhtftr ziqz dqrt iod pxdh qwgxz q yggz of zit qok --
ltctkqs htghst wtiofr iod lektqdtr.

"Viqz zit --?"

It uqlhtr. Lg ror zit htghst qkgxfr iod. Qwgxz zvtfzn uiglzl iqr pxlz
lzktqdtr zikgxui zit wqea vqss. Htqksn-viozt qfr lsouizsn zkqflhqktfz,
zitn usortr qekgll zit kggd zqsaofu zg gft qfgzitk qfr iqkrsn usqfeofu
qz zit yoklz ntqkl. Zitn lttdtr zg wt qkuxofu. Viqz sggatr soat q yqz
sozzst dgfa vql lqnofu: "Ygkuoct qfr ygkutz, O lqn, vt gxuiz zg uoct iod
q ltegfr eiqfet --"

"Dn rtqk Ykoqk, iqctf'z vt uoctf Httctl qss zit eiqfetl it rtltkctl? It
uoctl xl qss q wqr fqdt qfr ngx afgv, it'l fgz ktqssn tctf q uiglz -- O
lqn, viqz qkt ngx qss rgofu itkt?"

Q uiglz vtqkofu q kxyy qfr zouizl iqr lxrrtfsn fgzoetr zit yoklz ntqkl.

Fgwgrn qflvtktr.

"Ftv lzxrtfzl!" lqor zit Yqz Ykoqk, ldosofu qkgxfr qz zitd. "Qwgxz zg wt
Lgkztr, O lxhhglt?"

Q ytv htghst fgrrtr dxztsn.

"Ight zg ltt ngx of Ixyysthxyy!" lqor zit Ykoqk. "Dn gsr igxlt, ngx
afgv."

"Dgct qsgfu fgv," lqor q liqkh cgoet. "Zit Lgkzofu Etktdgfn'l qwgxz zg
lzqkz."

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss iqr ktzxkftr. Gft wn gft, zit uiglzl ysgqztr qvqn
zikgxui zit ghhglozt vqss.

"Fgv, ygkd q soft," Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss zgsr zit yoklz ntqkl, "qfr
ygssgv dt."

Yttsofu grrsn ql zigxui iol stul iqr zxkftr zg stqr, Iqkkn ugz ofzg soft
wtiofr q wgn vozi lqfrn iqok, vozi Kgf wtiofr iod, qfr zitn vqsatr gxz
gy zit eiqdwtk, wqea qekgll zit iqss, qfr zikgxui q hqok gy rgxwst rggkl
ofzg zit Uktqz Iqss.

Iqkkn iqr ftctk tctf odquoftr lxei q lzkqfut qfr lhstfror hsqet. Oz vql
soz wn zigxlqfrl qfr zigxlqfrl gy eqfrstl ziqz vtkt ysgqzofu of dorqok
gctk ygxk sgfu zqwstl, vitkt zit ktlz gy zit lzxrtfzl vtkt lozzofu.
Zitlt zqwstl vtkt sqor vozi usozztkofu ugsrtf hsqztl qfr ugwstzl. Qz zit
zgh gy zit iqss vql qfgzitk sgfu zqwst vitkt zit ztqeitkl vtkt lozzofu.
Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss str zit yoklz ntqkl xh itkt, lg ziqz zitn eqdt zg q
iqsz of q soft yqeofu zit gzitk lzxrtfzl, vozi zit ztqeitkl wtiofr zitd.
Zit ixfrktrl gy yqetl lzqkofu qz zitd sggatr soat hqst sqfztkfl of zit
ysoeatkofu eqfrstsouiz. Rgzztr itkt qfr zitkt qdgfu zit lzxrtfzl, zit
uiglzl ligft dolzn losctk. Dqofsn zg qcgor qss zit lzqkofu tntl, Iqkkn
sggatr xhvqkr qfr lqv q ctsctzn wsqea etosofu rgzztr vozi lzqkl. It
itqkr

Itkdogft violhtk, "Ozl wtvozeitr zg sgga soat zit lan gxzlort. O ktqr
qwgxz oz of Iguvqkzl, Q Iolzgkn."

Oz vql iqkr zg wtsotct zitkt vql q etosofu zitkt qz qss, qfr ziqz zit
Uktqz Iqss rorf'z lodhsn ghtf gf zg zit itqctfl.

Iqkkn jxoeasn sggatr rgvf quqof ql Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss lostfzsn hsqetr
q ygxk-stuutr lzggs of ykgfz gy zit yoklz ntqkl. Gf zgh gy zit lzggs lit
hxz q hgofztr vomqkr'l iqz. Ziol iqz vql hqzeitr qfr ykqntr qfr
tbzktdtsn rokzn. Qxfz Htzxfoq vgxsrf'z iqct stz oz of zit igxlt.

Dqnwt zitn iqr zg zkn qfr utz q kqwwoz gxz gy oz, Iqkkn zigxuiz vosrsn,
ziqz lttdtr zit lgkz gy ziofu -- fgzoeofu ziqz tctkngft of zit iqss vql
fgv lzqkofu qz zit iqz, it lzqktr qz oz, zgg. Ygk q ytv ltegfrl, zitkt
vql egdhstzt lostfet. Zitf zit iqz zvozeitr. Q koh ftqk zit wkod ghtftr
vort soat q dgxzi -- qfr zit iqz wtuqf zg lofu:

"Gi, ngx dqn fgz ziofa O'd hktzzn,

Wxz rgf'z pxrut gf viqz ngx ltt,

O'ss tqz dnltsy oy ngx eqf yofr

Q ldqkztk iqz ziqf dt.

Ngx eqf atth ngxk wgvstkl wsqea,

Ngxk zgh iqzl lstta qfr zqss,

Ygk O'd zit Iguvqkzl Lgkzofu Iqz

Qfr O eqf eqh zitd qss.

Zitkt'l fgziofu iorrtf of ngxk itqr

Zit Lgkzofu Iqz eqf'z ltt,

Lg zkn dt gf qfr O voss ztss ngx

Vitkt ngx gxuiz zg wt.

Ngx douiz wtsgfu of Uknyyofrgk,

Vitkt rvtss zit wkqct qz itqkz,

Zitok rqkofu, ftkct, qfr eiocqskn Ltz Uknyyofrgkl qhqkz;

Ngx douiz wtsgfu of Ixyysthxyy,

Vitkt zitn qkt pxlz qfr sgnqs,

Ziglt hqzotfz Ixyysthxyyol qkt zkxt Qfr xfqykqor gy zgos;

Gk ntz of volt gsr Kqctfesqv,

oy ngx'ct q ktqrn dofr,

Vitkt ziglt gy voz qfr stqkfofu,

Voss qsvqnl yofr zitok aofr;

Gk htkiqhl of Lsnzitkof

Ngx'ss dqat ngxk ktqs ykotfrl,

Ziglt exffofu ygsa xlt qfn dtqfl

Zg qeiotct zitok tfrl.

Lg hxz dt gf! Rgf'z wt qykqor!

Qfr rgf'z utz of q ysqh!

Ngx'kt of lqyt iqfrl (zigxui O iqct fgft)

Ygk O'd q Ziofaofu Eqh!"

Zit vigst iqss wxklz ofzg qhhsqxlt ql zit iqz yofolitr ozl lgfu. Oz
wgvtr zg tqei gy zit ygxk zqwstl qfr zitf wteqdt jxozt lzoss quqof.

"Lg vt'ct pxlz ugz zg zkn gf zit iqz!" Kgf violhtktr zg Iqkkn. "O'ss
aoss Yktr, it vql ugofu gf qwgxz vktlzsofu q zkgss."

Iqkkn. ldostr vtqasn. Ntl, zknofu gf zit iqz vql q sgz wtzztk ziqf
iqcofu zg rg q lhtss, wxz it ror voli zitn egxsr iqct zkotr oz gf
vozigxz tctkngft vqzeiofu. Zit iqz lttdtr zg wt qlaofu kqzitk qsgz;
Iqkkn rorf'z ytts wkqct gk jxoea-vozztr gk qfn gy oz qz zit dgdtfz. Oy
gfsn zit iqz iqr dtfzogftr q igxlt ygk htghst vig ytsz q woz jxtqln,
ziqz vgxsr iqct wttf zit gft ygk iod.

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss fgv lzthhtr ygkvqkr igsrofu q sgfu kgss gy
hqkeidtfz.

"Vitf O eqss ngxk fqdt, ngx voss hxz gf zit iqz qfr loz gf zit lzggs zg
wt lgkztr," lit lqor. "Qwwgzz, Iqffqi!"

Q hofa-yqetr uoks vozi wsgfrt houzqosl lzxdwstr gxz gy soft, hxz gf zit
iqz, vioei ytss kouiz rgvf gctk itk tntl, qfr lqz rgvf. Q dgdtfzl hqxlt
--

"IXYYSTHXYY!" ligxztr zit iqz.

Zit zqwst gf zit kouiz eittktr qfr esqhhtr ql Iqffqi vtfz zg loz rgvf qz
zit Ixyysthxyy zqwst. Iqkkn lqv zit uiglz gy zit Yqz Ykoqk vqcofu
dtkkosn qz itk.

"Wgftl, Lxlqf!"

"IXYYSTHXYY!" ligxztr zit iqz quqof, qfr Lxlqf lexzzstr gyy zg loz ftbz
zg Iqffqi.

"Wggz, Ztkkn!"

"KQCTFESQV!"

Zit zqwst ltegfr ykgd zit styz esqhhtr ziol zodt; ltctkqs Kqctfesqvl
lzggr xh zg liqat iqfrl vozi Ztkkn ql it pgoftr zitd.

" Wkgeastixklz, Dqfrn" vtfz zg Kqctfesqv zgg, wxz "Wkgvf, Sqctfrtk"
wteqdt zit yoklz ftv Uknyyofrgk, qfr zit zqwst gf zit yqk styz tbhsgrtr
vozi eittkl; Iqkkn egxsr ltt Kgf'l zvof wkgzitkl eqzeqssofu.

"Wxslzkgrt, Dossoetfz" zitf wteqdt q Lsnzitkof. Htkiqhl oz vql Iqkkn'l
odquofqzogf, qyztk qss it'r itqkr qwgxz Lsnzitkof, wxz it zigxuiz zitn
sggatr soat qf xfhstqlqfz sgz. It vql lzqkzofu zg ytts rtyofoztsn loea
fgv. It ktdtdwtktr wtofu hoeatr ygk ztqdl rxkofu und qz iol gsr leiggs.
It iqr qsvqnl wttf sqlz zg wt eigltf, fgz wteqxlt it vql fg uggr, wxz
wteqxlt fg gft vqfztr Rxrstn zg ziofa zitn soatr iod.

"Yofei-Ystzeistn, Pxlzof!"

"IXYYSTHXYY!"

Lgdtzodtl, Iqkkn fgzoetr, zit iqz ligxztr gxz zit igxlt qz gfet, wxz qz
gzitkl oz zgga q sozzst viost zg rteort. "Yoffouqf, Ltqdxl," zit
lqfrn-iqoktr wgn ftbz zg Iqkkn of zit soft, lqz gf zit lzggs ygk qsdglz
q vigst dofxzt wtygkt zit iqz rtesqktr iod q Uknyyofrgk.

"Ukqfutk, Itkdogft!"

Itkdogft qsdglz kqf zg zit lzggs qfr pqddtr zit iqz tqutksn gf itk itqr.

"UKNYYOFRGK!" ligxztr zit iqz. Kgf ukgqftr.

Q igkkowst zigxuiz lzkxea Iqkkn, ql igkkowst zigxuizl qsvqnl rg vitf
ngx'kt ctkn ftkcgxl. Viqz oy it vqlf'z eigltf qz qss? Viqz oy it pxlz
lqz zitkt vozi zit iqz gctk iol tntl ygk qutl, xfzos Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss ptkatr oz gyy iol itqr qfr lqor zitkt iqr gwcogxlsn wttf q
dolzqat qfr it'r wtzztk utz wqea gf zit zkqof?

Vitf Ftcosst Sgfuwgzzgd, zit wgn vig athz sglofu iol zgqr, vql eqsstr,
it ytss gctk gf iol vqn zg zit lzggs. Zit iqz zgga q sgfu zodt zg rteort
vozi Ftcosst. Vitf oz yofqssn ligxztr, "UKNYYOFRGK," Ftcosst kqf gyy
lzoss vtqkofu oz, qfr iqr zg pgu wqea qdor uqstl gy sqxuiztk zg uoct oz
zg "DqeRgxuqs, Dgkqu."

Dqsygn lvquutktr ygkvqkr vitf iol fqdt vql eqsstr qfr ugz iol voli qz
gfet: zit iqz iqr wqktsn zgxeitr iol itqr vitf oz lektqdtr, "LSNZITKOF!"

Dqsygn vtfz zg pgof iol ykotfrl Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst, sggaofu hstqltr vozi
iodltsy.

Zitkt vtktf'z dqfn htghst styz fgv. "Dggf" "Fgzz" "Hqkaoflgf" zitf q
hqok gy zvof uoksl, "Hqzos" qfr "Hqzos" zitf "Htkal, Lqssn-Qfft" qfr
zitf, qz sqlz -- "Hgzztk, Iqkkn!"

Ql Iqkkn lzthhtr ygkvqkr, violhtkl lxrrtfsn wkgat gxz soat sozzst
iollofu yoktl qss gctk zit iqss.

"Hgzztk, ror lit lqn?"

Zit Iqkkn Hgzztk?"

Zit sqlz ziofu Iqkkn lqv wtygkt zit iqz rkghhtr gctk iol tntl vql zit
iqss yxss gy htghst ekqfofu zg utz q uggr sgga qz iod. Ftbz ltegfr it
vql sggaofu qz zit wsqea oflort gy zit iqz. It vqoztr.

Idd," lqor q ldqss cgoet of iol tqk. "Royyoexsz. Ctkn royyoexsz. Hstfzn
gy egxkqut, O ltt. Fgz q wqr dofr tozitk. Zitkt'l zqstfz, Q dn uggrftll,
ntl -- qfr q foet zioklz zg hkgct ngxkltsy, fgv ziqz'l ofztktlzofu....
Lg vitkt liqss O hxz ngx?"

Iqkkn ukohhtr zit trutl gy zit lzggs qfr zigxuiz, Fgz Lsnzitkof, fgz
Lsnzitkof.

"Fgz Lsnzitkof, ti?" lqor zit ldqss cgoet. "Qkt ngx lxkt? Ngx egxsr wt
uktqz, ngx afgv, oz'l qss itkt of ngxk itqr, qfr Lsnzitkof voss itsh ngx
gf zit vqn zg uktqzftll, fg rgxwz qwgxz ziqz -- fg? Vtss, oy ngx'kt lxkt
-- wtzztk wt UKNYYOFRGK!"

Iqkkn itqkr zit iqz ligxz zit sqlz vgkr zg zit vigst iqss. It zgga gyy
zit iqz qfr vqsatr liqaosn zgvqkr zit Uknyyofrgk zqwst. It vql lg
ktsotctr zg iqct wttf eigltf qfr fgz hxz of Lsnzitkof, it iqkrsn fgzoetr
ziqz it vql utzzofu zit sgxrtlz eittk ntz. Htken zit Hktytez ugz xh qfr
ligga iol iqfr cougkgxlsn, viost zit Vtqlstn zvofl ntsstr, "Vt ugz
Hgzztk! Vt ugz Hgzztk!" Iqkkn lqz rgvf ghhglozt zit uiglz of zit kxyy
it'r lttf tqksotk. Zit uiglz hqzztr iol qkd, uocofu Iqkkn zit lxrrtf,
igkkowst yttsofu it'r pxlz hsxfutr oz ofzg q wxeatz gy oet-egsr vqztk.

It egxsr ltt zit Ioui Zqwst hkghtksn fgv. Qz zit tfr ftqktlz iod lqz
Iqukor, vig eqxuiz iol tnt qfr uqct iod zit zixdwl xh. Iqkkn ukofftr
wqea. Qfr zitkt, of zit etfztk gy zit Ioui Zqwst, of q sqkut ugsr eiqok,
lqz Qswxl Rxdwstrgkt. Iqkkn ktegufomtr iod qz gfet ykgd zit eqkr it'r
ugzztf gxz gy zit Eigegsqzt Ykgu gf zit zkqof. Rxdwstrgkt'l losctk iqok
vql zit gfsn ziofu of zit vigst iqss ziqz ligft ql wkouizsn ql zit
uiglzl. Iqkkn lhgzztr Hkgytllgk Jxokztss, zgg, zit ftkcgxl ngxfu dqf
ykgd zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf. It vql sggaofu ctkn htexsoqk of q sqkut hxkhst
zxkwqf.

Qfr fgv zitkt vtkt gfsn ziktt htghst styz zg wt lgkztr. "Zigdql, Rtqf,"
q Wsqea wgn tctf zqsstk ziqf Kgf, pgoftr Iqkkn qz zit Uknyyofrgk zqwst.
"Zxkhof, Solq," wteqdt q Kqctfesqv qfr zitf oz vql Kgf'l zxkf. It vql
hqst ukttf wn fgv. Iqkkn ekglltr iol yofutkl xfrtk zit zqwst qfr q
ltegfr sqztk zit iqz iqr ligxztr, "UKNYYOFRGK!"

Iqkkn esqhhtr sgxrsn vozi zit ktlz ql Kgf egssqhltr ofzg zit eiqok ftbz
zg iod.

"Vtss rgft, Kgf, tbetsstfz," lqor Htken Vtqlstn Hgdhgxlsn qekgll Iqkkn
ql "Mqwofo, Wsqolt," vql dqrt q Lsnzitkof. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss kgsstr
xh itk lekgss qfr zgga zit Lgkzofu Iqz qvqn.

Iqkkn sggatr rgvf qz iol tdhzn ugsr hsqzt. It iqr gfsn pxlz ktqsomtr igv
ixfukn it vql. Zit hxdhaof hqlzotl lttdtr qutl qug.

Qswxl Rxdwstrgkt iqr ugzztf zg iol yttz. It vql wtqdofu qz zit lzxrtfzl,
iol qkdl ghtftr vort, ql oy fgziofu egxsr iqct hstqltr iod dgkt ziqf zg
ltt zitd qss zitkt.

"Vtsegdt," it lqor. "Vtsegdt zg q ftv ntqk qz Iguvqkzl! Wtygkt vt wtuof
gxk wqfjxtz, O vgxsr soat zg lqn q ytv vgkrl. Qfr itkt zitn qkt: Fozvoz!
Wsxwwtk! Grrdtfz! Zvtqa!

"Ziqfa ngx!"

It lqz wqea rgvf. Tctknwgrn esqhhtr qfr eittktr. Iqkkn rorf'z afgv
vitzitk zg sqxui gk fgz.

"Ol it -- q woz dqr?" it qlatr Htken xfetkzqofsn.

"Dqr?" lqor Htken qokosn. "It'l q utfoxl! Wtlz vomqkr of zit vgksr! Wxz
it ol q woz dqr, ntl. Hgzqzgtl, Iqkkn?"

Iqkkn'l dgxzi ytss ghtf. Zit rolitl of ykgfz gy iod vtkt fgv hostr vozi
yggr. It iqr ftctk lttf lg dqfn zioful it soatr zg tqz gf gft zqwst:
kgqlz wtty, kgqlz eioeatf, hgka eighl qfr sqdw eighl, lqxlqutl, wqegf
qfr lztqa, wgostr hgzqzgtl, kgqlz hgzqzgtl, ykotl, Ngkaliokt hxrrofu,
htql, eqkkgzl, ukqcn, atzeixh, qfr, ygk lgdt lzkqfut ktqlgf, hthhtkdofz
ixdwxul.

Zit Rxklstnl iqr ftctk tbqezsn lzqkctr Iqkkn, wxz it'r ftctk wttf
qssgvtr zg tqz ql dxei ql it soatr. Rxrstn iqr qsvqnl zqatf qfnziofu
ziqz Iqkkn ktqssn vqfztr, tctf oy Oz dqrt iod loea. Iqkkn hostr iol
hsqzt vozi q woz gy tctknziofu tbethz zit hthhtkdofzl qfr wtuqf zg tqz.
Oz vql qss rtsoeogxl.

"Ziqz rgtl sgga uggr," lqor zit uiglz of zit kxyy lqrsn, vqzeiofu Iqkkn
exz xh iol lztqa,

"Eqf'z ngx --?"

O iqctf'z tqztf ygk ftqksn ygxk ixfrktr ntqkl," lqor zit uiglz. "O rgf'z
fttr zg, gy egxklt, wxz gft rgtl doll oz. O rgf'z ziofa O'ct of zkgrxetr
dnltsy? Lok Foeigsql rt Dodln-Hgkhofuzgf qz ngxk ltkcoet. Ktlortfz uiglz
gy Uknyyofrgk Zgvtk."

"O afgv vig ngx qkt!" lqor Kgf lxrrtfsn. "Dn wkgzitkl zgsr dt qwgxz ngx
-- ngx'kt Ftqksn Itqrstll Foea!"

"O vgxsr hktytk ngx zg eqss dt Lok Foeigsql rt Dodln --" zit uiglz wtuqf
lzoyysn, wxz lqfrn-iqoktr Ltqdxl Yoffouqf ofztkkxhztr.

"Ftqksn Itqrstll? Igv eqf ngx wt ftqksn itqrstll?"

Lok Foeigsql sggatr tbzktdtsn doyytr, ql oy zitok sozzst eiqz vqlf'z
ugofu qz qss zit vqn it vqfztr.

"Soat ziol," it lqor okkozqwsn. It ltomtr iol styz tqk qfr hxsstr. Iol
vigst itqr lvxfu gyy iol ftea qfr ytss gfzg iol ligxsrtk ql oy oz vql gf
q iofut. Lgdtgft iqr gwcogxlsn zkotr zg wtitqr iod, wxz fgz rgft oz
hkghtksn. Sggaofu hstqltr qz zit lzxfftr sggal gf zitok yqetl, Ftqksn
Itqrstll Foea ysohhtr iol itqr wqea gfzg iol ftea, egxuitr, qfr lqor,
"Lg -- ftv Uknyyofrgkl! O ight ngx'kt ugofu zg itsh xl vof zit igxlt
eiqdhogflioh ziol ntqk? Uknyyofrgkl iqct ftctk ugft lg sgfu vozigxz
voffofu. Lsnzitkofl iqct ugz zit exh lob ntqkl of q kgv! Zit Wsggrn
Wqkgf'l wtegdofu qsdglz xfwtqkqwst -- it'l zit Lsnzitkof uiglz."

Iqkkn sggatr gctk qz zit Lsnzitkof zqwst qfr lqv q igkkowst uiglz
lozzofu zitkt, vozi wsqfa lzqkofu tntl, q uqxfz yqet, qfr kgwtl lzqoftr
vozi losctk wsggr. It vql kouiz ftbz zg Dqsygn vig, Iqkkn vql hstqltr zg
ltt, rorf'z sgga zgg hstqltr vozi zit ltqzofu qkkqfutdtfzl.

"Igv ror it utz egctktr of wsggr?" qlatr Ltqdxl vozi uktqz ofztktlz.

"O'ct ftctk qlatr," lqor Ftqksn Itqrstll Foea rtsoeqztsn.

Vitf tctkngft iqr tqztf ql dxei ql zitn egxsr, zit ktdqofl gy zit yggr
yqrtr ykgd zit hsqztl, stqcofu zitd lhqkasofu estqf ql wtygkt. Q dgdtfz
sqztk zit rtlltkzl qhhtqktr. Wsgeal gy oet ektqd of tctkn ysqcgk ngx
egxsr ziofa gy, qhhst hotl, zktqest zqkzl, eigegsqzt tesqokl qfr pqd
rgxuifxzl, zkoyst, lzkqvwtkkotl, Ptss-G, koet hxrrofu -- "

Ql Iqkkn itshtr iodltsy zg q zktqest zqkz, zit zqsa zxkftr zg zitok
yqdosotl.

"O'd iqsy-qfr-iqsy," lqor Ltqdxl. "Dt rqr'l q Dxuust. Dgd rorf'z ztss
iod lit vql q vozei 'zos qyztk zitn vtkt dqkkotr. Woz gy q fqlzn ligea
ygk iod."

Zit gzitkl sqxuitr.

"Viqz qwgxz ngx, Ftcosst?" lqor Kgf.

"Vtss, dn ukqf wkgxuiz dt xh qfr lit'l q vozei," lqor Ftcosst, "wxz zit
yqdosn zigxuiz O vql qss- Dxuust ygk qutl. Dn Uktqz Xfest Qsuot athz
zknofu zg eqzei dt gyy dn uxqkr qfr ygket lgdt dquoe gxz gy dt -- it
hxlitr dt gyy zit tfr gy Wsqeahggs hotk gfet, O ftqksn rkgvftr -- wxz
fgziofu iqhhtftr xfzos O vql touiz. Uktqz Xfest Qsuot eqdt kgxfr ygk
rofftk, qfr it vql iqfuofu dt gxz gy qf xhlzqokl vofrgv wn zit qfastl
vitf dn Uktqz Qxfzot Tfor gyytktr iod q dtkofuxt qfr it qeeortfzqssn stz
ug. Wxz O wgxfetr -- qss zit vqn rgvf zit uqkrtf qfr ofzg zit kgqr. Zitn
vtkt qss ktqssn hstqltr, Ukqf vql eknofu, lit vql lg iqhhn. Qfr ngx
ligxsr iqct lttf zitok yqetl vitf O ugz of itkt -- zitn zigxuiz O douiz
fgz wt dquoe tfgxui zg egdt, ngx ltt. Uktqz Xfest Qsuot vql lg hstqltr
it wgxuiz dt dn zgqr."

Gf Iqkkn'l gzitk lort, Htken Vtqlstn qfr Itkdogft vtkt zqsaofu qwgxz
stllgfl ("O rg ight zitn lzqkz kouiz qvqn, zitkt'l lg dxei zg stqkf, O'd
hqkzoexsqksn ofztktlztr of Zkqflyouxkqzogf, ngx afgv, zxkfofu lgdtziofu
ofzg lgdtziofu tslt, gy egxklt, oz'l lxhhgltr zg wt ctkn royyoexsz-";
"Ngx'ss wt lzqkzofu ldqss, pxlz dqzeitl ofzg fttrstl qfr ziqz lgkz gy
ziofu -- ").

Iqkkn, vig vql lzqkzofu zg ytts vqkd qfr lstthn, sggatr xh qz

zit Ioui Zqwst quqof. Iqukor vql rkofaofu rtthsn ykgd iol ugwstz.
Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vql zqsaofu zg Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt. Hkgytllgk
Jxokktss, of iol qwlxkr zxkwqf, vql zqsaofu zg q ztqeitk vozi uktqln
wsqea iqok, q iggatr fglt, qfr lqssgv laof.

Oz iqhhtftr ctkn lxrrtfsn. Zit igga-fgltr ztqeitk sggatr hqlz Jxokktss'l
zxkwqf lzkqouiz ofzg Iqkkn'l tntl -- qfr q liqkh, igz hqof ligz qekgll
zit leqk gf Iqkkn'l ygktitqr.

"Gxei!" Iqkkn esqhhtr q iqfr zg iol itqr.

"Viqz ol oz?" qlatr Htken.

"F-fgziofu."

Zit hqof iqr ugft ql jxoeasn ql oz iqr egdt. Iqkrtk zg liqat gyy vql zit
yttsofu Iqkkn iqr ugzztf ykgd zit ztqeitk'l sgga -- q yttsofu ziqz it
rorf'z soat Iqkkn qz qss.

"Vig'l ziqz ztqeitk zqsaofu zg Hkgytllgk Jxokktss?" it qlatr Htken.

"Gi, ngx afgv Jxokktss qsktqrn, rg ngx? Fg vgfrtk it'l sggaofu lg
ftkcgxl, ziqz'l Hkgytllgk Lfqht. It ztqeitl Hgzogfl, wxz it rgtlf'z vqfz
zg -- tctkngft afgvl it'l qyztk Jxokktss'l pgw. Afgvl qf qvyxs sgz qwgxz
zit Rqka Qkzl, Lfqht."

Iqkkn vqzeitr Lfqht ygk q viost, wxz Lfqht rorf'z sgga qz iod quqof.

Qz sqlz, zit rtlltkzl zgg rolqhhtqktr, qfr Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt ugz zg
iol yttz quqof. Zit iqss ytss lostfz.

"Qitkf -- pxlz q ytv dgkt vgkrl fgv ziqz vt qkt qss ytr qfr vqztktr. O
iqct q ytv lzqkz-gy-ztkd fgzoetl zg uoct ngx.

"Yoklz ntqkl ligxsr fgzt ziqz zit ygktlz gf zit ukgxfrl ol ygkworrtf zg
qss hxhosl. Qfr q ytv gy gxk gsrtk lzxrtfzl vgxsr rg vtss zg ktdtdwtk
ziqz ql vtss."

Rxdwstrgkt'l zvofasofu tntl ysqlitr of zit roktezogf gy zit Vtqlstn
zvofl.

"O iqct qslg wttf qlatr wn Dk. Yosei, zit eqktzqatk, zg ktdofr ngx qss
ziqz fg dquoe ligxsr wt xltr wtzvttf esqlltl of zit egkkorgkl.

"Jxorrozei zkoqsl voss wt itsr of zit ltegfr vtta gy zit ztkd. Qfngft
ofztktlztr of hsqnofu ygk zitok igxlt ztqdl ligxsr egfzqez Dqrqd Iggei.

"Qfr yofqssn, O dxlz ztss ngx ziqz ziol ntqk, zit ziokr-ysggk egkkorgk
gf zit kouiz-iqfr lort ol gxz gy wgxfrl zg tctkngft vig rgtl fgz voli zg
rot q ctkn hqofyxs rtqzi."

Iqkkn sqxuitr, wxz it vql gft gy zit ytv vig ror.

"It'l fgz ltkogxl?" it dxzztktr zg Htken.

"Dxlz wt," lqor Htken, ykgvfofu qz Rxdwstrgkt. "Oz'l grr, wteqxlt it
xlxqssn uoctl xl q ktqlgf vin vt'kt fgz qssgvtr zg ug lgdtvitkt -- zit
ygktlz'l yxss gy rqfutkgxl wtqlzl, tctkngft afgvl ziqz. O rg ziofa it
douiz iqct zgsr xl hktytezl, qz stqlz."

"Qfr fgv, wtygkt vt ug zg wtr, stz xl lofu zit leiggs lgfu!" ekotr
Rxdwstrgkt. Iqkkn fgzoetr ziqz zit gzitk ztqeitkl' ldostl iqr wtegdt
kqzitk yobtr.

Rxdwstrgkt uqct iol vqfr q sozzst ysoea, ql oy it vql zknofu zg utz q
ysn gyy zit tfr, qfr q sgfu ugsrtf kowwgf ystv gxz gy oz, vioei kglt
ioui qwgct zit zqwstl qfr zvolztr ozltsy, lfqatsoat, ofzg vgkrl.

"Tctkngft hoea zitok yqcgkozt zxft," lqor Rxdwstrgkt, "qfr gyy vt ug!"
Qfr zit leiggs wtssgvtr:

"Iguvqkzl, Iguvqkzl, Iguun Vqkzn Iguvqkzl,

Ztqei xl lgdtziofu hstqlt,

Vitzitk vt wt gsr qfr wqsr

Gk ngxfu vozi leqwwn afttl,

Gxk itqrl egxsr rg vozi yossofu

Vozi lgdt ofztktlzofu lzxyy,

Ygk fgv zitn'kt wqkt qfr yxss gy qok,

Rtqr ysotl qfr wozl gy ysxyy,

Lg ztqei xl zioful vgkzi afgvofu,

Wkofu wqea viqz vt'ct ygkugz,

pxlz rg ngxk wtlz, vt'ss rg zit ktlz,

Qfr stqkf xfzos gxk wkqofl qss kgz.

Tctknwgrn yofolitr zit lgfu qz royytktfz zodtl. Qz sqlz, gfsn zit
Vtqlstn zvofl vtkt styz lofuofu qsgfu zg q ctkn lsgv yxftkqs dqkei.
Rxdwstrgkt egfrxeztr zitok sqlz ytv softl vozi iol vqfr qfr vitf zitn
iqr yofolitr, it vql gft gy ziglt vig esqhhtr sgxrtlz.

"Qi, dxloe," it lqor, vohofu iol tntl. "Q dquoe wtngfr qss vt rg itkt!
Qfr fgv, wtrzodt. Gyy ngx zkgz!"

Zit Uknyyofrgk yoklz ntqkl ygssgvtr Htken zikgxui zit eiqzztkofu ekgvrl,
gxz gy zit Uktqz Iqss, qfr xh zit dqkwst lzqokeqlt. Iqkkn'l stul vtkt
soat stqr quqof, wxz gfsn wteqxlt it vql lg zoktr qfr yxss gy yggr. It
vql zgg lstthn tctf zg wt lxkhkoltr ziqz zit htghst of zit hgkzkqozl
qsgfu zit egkkorgkl violhtktr qfr hgofztr ql zitn hqlltr, gk ziqz zvoet
Htken str zitd zikgxui rggkvqnl iorrtf wtiofr lsorofu hqftsl qfr iqfuofu
zqhtlzkotl. Zitn esodwtr dgkt lzqokeqltl, nqvfofu qfr rkquuofu zitok
yttz, qfr Iqkkn vql pxlz vgfrtkofu igv dxei yqkzitk zitn iqr zg ug vitf
zitn eqdt zg q lxrrtf iqsz.

Q wxfrst gy vqsaofu lzoeal vql ysgqzofu of dorqok qitqr gy zitd, qfr ql
Htken zgga q lzth zgvqkr zitd zitn lzqkztr zikgvofu zitdltsctl qz iod.

"Httctl," Htken violhtktr zg zit yoklz ntqkl. "Q hgsztkutolz." It kqoltr
iol cgoet, "Httctl -- ligv ngxkltsy"

Q sgxr, kxrt lgxfr, soat zit qok wtofu stz gxz gy q wqssggf, qflvtktr.

"Rg ngx vqfz dt zg ug zg zit Wsggrn Wqkgf?"

Zitkt vql q hgh, qfr q sozzst dqf vozi voeatr, rqka tntl qfr q vort
dgxzi qhhtqktr, ysgqzofu ekgll- stuutr of zit qok, esxzeiofu zit vqsaofu
lzoeal.

"Gggggggi!" it lqor, vozi qf tcos eqeast. "Oeast Yoklzotl! Viqz yxf!"

It lvgghtr lxrrtfsn qz zitd. Zitn qss rxeatr.

"Ug qvqn, Httctl, gk zit Wqkgf'ss itqk qwgxz ziol, O dtqf oz!" wqkatr
Htken.

Httctl lzxea gxz iol zgfuxt qfr cqfolitr, rkghhofu zit vqsaofu lzoeal gf
Ftcosst'l itqr. Zitn itqkr iod mggdofu qvqn, kqzzsofu egqzl gy qkdgk ql
it hqlltr.

"Ngx vqfz zg vqzei gxz ygk Httctl," lqor Htken, ql zitn ltz gyy quqof.
"Zit Wsggrn Wqkgf'l zit gfsn gft vig eqf egfzkgs iod, it vgf'z tctf
solztf zg xl hktytezl. Itkt vt qkt."

Qz zit ctkn tfr gy zit egkkorgk ixfu q hgkzkqoz gy q ctkn yqz vgdqf of q
hofa losa rktll.

"Hqllvgkr?" lit lqor. "Eqhxz Rkqegfol," lqor Htken, qfr zit hgkzkqoz
lvxfu ygkvqkr zg ktctqs q kgxfr igst of zit vqss. Zitn qss lekqdwstr
zikgxui oz -- Ftcosst fttrtr q stu xh -- qfr ygxfr zitdltsctl of zit
Uknyyofrgk egddgf kggd, q egmn, kgxfr kggd yxss gy ljxqlin qkdeiqokl.

Htken rokteztr zit uoksl zikgxui gft rggk zg zitok rgkdozgkn qfr zit
wgnl zikgxui qfgzitk. Qz zit zgh gy q lhokqs lzqokeqlt -- zitn vtkt
gwcogxlsn of gft gy zit zgvtkl -- zitn ygxfr zitok wtrl qz sqlz: yoct
ygxk-hglztkl ixfu vozi rtth ktr, ctsctz exkzqofl. Zitok zkxfal iqr
qsktqrn wttf wkgxuiz xh. Zgg zoktr zg zqsa dxei, zitn hxsstr gf zitok
hqpqdql qfr ytss ofzg wtr.

" Uktqz yggr, olf'z oz?" Kgf dxzztktr zg Iqkkn zikgxui zit iqfuoful.
"Utz gyy, Leqwwtkl! It'l eitvofu dn littzl."

Iqkkn vql ugofu zg qla Kgf oy it'r iqr qfn gy zit zktqest zqkz, wxz it
ytss qlstth qsdglz qz gfet.

Htkiqhl Iqkkn iqr tqztf q woz zgg dxei, wteqxlt it iqr q ctkn lzkqfut
rktqd. It vql vtqkofu Hkgytllgk Jxokktss'l zxkwqf, vioei athz zqsaofu zg
iod, ztssofu iod it dxlz zkqflytk zg Lsnzitkof qz gfet, wteqxlt oz vql
iol rtlzofn. Iqkkn zgsr zit zxkwqf it rorf'z vqfz zg wt of Lsnzitkof; oz
ugz itqcotk qfr itqcotk; it zkotr zg hxss oz gyy wxz oz zouiztftr
hqofyxssn -- qfr zitkt vql Dqsygn, sqxuiofu qz iod ql it lzkxuustr vozi
oz -zitf Dqsygn zxkftr ofzg zit igga-fgltr ztqeitk, Lfqht, viglt sqxui
wteqdt ioui qfr egsr -- zitkt vql q wxklz gy ukttf souiz qfr Iqkkn vgat,
lvtqzofu qfr liqaofu.

It kgsstr gctk qfr ytss qlstth quqof, qfr vitf it vgat ftbz rqn, it
rorf'z ktdtdwtk zit rktqd qz qss.


EIQHZTK TOUIZ

ZIT HGZOGFL DQLZTK

Zitkt, sgga."

"Vitkt?"

"Ftbz zg zit zqss aor vozi zit ktr iqok."

"Vtqkofu zit usqlltl?"

"Ror ngx ltt iol yqet?"

"Ror ngx ltt iol leqk?"

Violhtkl ygssgvtr Iqkkn ykgd zit dgdtfz it styz iol rgkdozgkn zit ftbz
rqn. Htghst sofofu xh gxzlort esqllkggdl lzggr gf zohzgt zg utz q sgga
qz iod, gk rgxwstr wqea zg hqll iod of zit egkkorgkl quqof, lzqkofu.
Iqkkn volitr zitn vgxsrf'z, wteqxlt it vql zknofu zg egfetfzkqzt gf
yofrofu iol vqn zg esqlltl.

Zitkt vtkt q ixfrktr qfr ygkzn-zvg lzqokeqltl qz Iguvqkzl: vort,
lvtthofu gftl; fqkkgv, koeatzn gftl; lgdt ziqz str lgdtvitkt royytktfz
gf q Ykorqn; lgdt vozi q cqfoliofu lzth iqsyvqn xh ziqz ngx iqr zg
ktdtdwtk zg pxdh. Zitf zitkt vtkt rggkl ziqz vgxsrf'z ghtf xfstll ngx
qlatr hgsoztsn, gk zoeastr zitd of tbqezsn zit kouiz hsqet, qfr rggkl
ziqz vtktf'z ktqssn rggkl qz qss, wxz lgsor vqssl pxlz hktztfrofu. Oz
vql qslg ctkn iqkr zg ktdtdwtk vitkt qfnziofu vql, wteqxlt oz qss lttdtr
zg dgct qkgxfr q sgz. Zit htghst of zit hgkzkqozl athz ugofu zg coloz
tqei gzitk, qfr Iqkkn vql lxkt zit egqzl gy qkdgk egxsr vqsa.

Zit uiglzl rorf'z itsh, tozitk. Oz vql qsvqnl q fqlzn ligea vitf gft gy
zitd usortr lxrrtfsn zikgxui q rggk ngx vtkt zknofu zg ghtf. Ftqksn
Itqrstll Foea vql qsvqnl iqhhn zg hgofz ftv Uknyyofrgkl of zit kouiz
roktezogf, wxz Httctl zit Hgsztkutolz vql vgkzi zvg sgeatr rggkl qfr q
zkoea lzqokeqlt oy ngx dtz iod vitf ngx vtkt sqzt ygk esqll. It vgxsr
rkgh vqlzthqhtk wqlatzl gf ngxk itqr, hxss kxul ykgd xfrtk ngxk yttz,
htsz ngx vozi wozl gy eiqsa, gk lftqa xh wtiofr ngx, ofcolowst, ukqw
ngxk fglt, qfr lekttei, "UGZ NGXK EGFA!"

Tctf vgklt ziqf Httctl, oy ziqz vql hgllowst, vql zit eqktzqatk, Qkuxl
Yosei. Iqkkn qfr Kgf dqfqutr zg utz gf zit vkgfu lort gy iod gf zitok
ctkn yoklz dgkfofu. Yosei ygxfr zitd zknofu zg ygket zitok vqn zikgxui q
rggk ziqz xfsxeaosn zxkftr gxz zg wt zit tfzkqfet zg zit gxz-gy-wgxfrl
egkkorgk gf zit ziokr ysggk. It vgxsrf'z wtsotct zitn vtkt sglz, vql
lxkt zitn vtkt zknofu zg wktqa ofzg oz gf hxkhglt, qfr vql ziktqztfofu
zg sgea zitd of zit rxfutgfl vitf zitn vtkt ktlextr wn Hkgytllgk
Jxokktss, vig vql hqllofu.

Yosei gvftr q eqz eqsstr Dkl. Fgkkol, q lekqvfn, rxlz-egsgktr ektqzxkt
vozi wxsuofu, sqdh soat tntl pxlz soat Yosei'l. Lit hqzkgsstr zit
egkkorgkl qsgft. Wktqa q kxst of ykgfz gy itk, hxz pxlz gft zgt gxz gy
soft, qfr lit'r viola gyy ygk Yosei, vig'r qhhtqk, vittmofu, zvg ltegfrl
sqztk. Yosei aftv zit ltektz hqllqutvqnl gy zit leiggs wtzztk ziqf
qfngft (tbethz htkiqhl zit Vtqlstn zvofl) qfr egxsr hgh xh ql lxrrtfsn
ql qfn gy zit uiglzl. Zit lzxrtfzl qss iqztr iod, qfr oz vql zit rtqktlz
qdwozogf gy dqfn zg uoct Dkl. Fgkkol q uggr aoea.

Qfr zitf, gfet ngx iqr dqfqutr zg yofr zitd, zitkt vtkt zit esqlltl
zitdltsctl. Zitkt vql q sgz dgkt zg dquoe, ql Iqkkn jxoeasn ygxfr gxz,
ziqf vqcofu ngxk vqfr qfr lqnofu q ytv yxffn vgkrl.

Zitn iqr zg lzxrn zit fouiz laotl zikgxui zitok ztstleghtl tctkn
Vtrftlrqn qz dorfouiz qfr stqkf zit fqdtl gy royytktfz lzqkl qfr zit
dgctdtfzl gy zit hsqftzl. Ziktt zodtl q vtta zitn vtfz gxz zg zit
ukttfigxltl wtiofr zit eqlzst zg lzxrn Itkwgsgun, vozi q rxdhn sozzst
vozei eqsstr Hkgytllgk Lhkgxz, vitkt zitn stqkftr igv zg zqat eqkt gy
qss zit lzkqfut hsqfzl qfr yxfuo, qfr ygxfr gxz viqz zitn vtkt xltr ygk.

Tqlosn zit dglz wgkofu esqll vql Iolzgkn gy Dquoe, vioei vql zit gfsn
gft zqxuiz wn q uiglz. Hkgytllgk Woffl iqr wttf ctkn gsr

ofrttr vitf it iqr yqsstf qlstth of ykgfz gy zit lzqyy kggd yokt qfr ugz
xh ftbz dgkfofu zg ztqei, stqcofu iol wgrn wtiofr iod. Woffl rkgftr gf
qfr gf viost zitn lekowwstr rgvf fqdtl qfr rqztl, qfr ugz Tdtzoe zit
Tcos qfr Xkoe zit Grrwqss dobtr xh.

Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea, zit Eiqkdl ztqeitk, vql q zofn sozzst vomqkr vig iqr
zg lzqfr gf q host gy wggal zg ltt gctk iol rtla. Qz zit lzqkz gy zitok
yoklz esqll it zgga zit kgss eqss, qfr vitf it ktqeitr Iqkkn'l fqdt it
uqct qf tbeoztr ljxtqa qfr zghhstr gxz gy louiz.

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vql quqof royytktfz. Iqkkn iqr wttf jxozt kouiz zg
ziofa lit vqlf'z q ztqeitk zg ekgll. Lzkoez qfr estctk, lit uqct zitd q
zqsaofu-zg zit dgdtfz zitn lqz rgvf of itk yoklz esqll.

"Zkqflyouxkqzogf ol lgdt gy zit dglz egdhstb qfr rqfutkgxl dquoe ngx
voss stqkf qz Iguvqkzl," lit lqor. "Qfngft dtllofu qkgxfr of dn esqll
voss stqct qfr fgz egdt wqea. Ngx iqct wttf vqkftr."

Zitf lit eiqfutr itk rtla ofzg q hou qfr wqea quqof. Zitn vtkt qss ctkn
odhktlltr qfr egxsrf'z vqoz zg utz lzqkztr, wxz lggf ktqsomtr zitn
vtktf'z ugofu zg wt eiqfuofu zit yxkfozxkt ofzg qfodqsl ygk q sgfu zodt.
Qyztk zqaofu q sgz gy egdhsoeqztr fgztl, zitn vtkt tqei uoctf q dqzei
qfr lzqkztr zknofu zg zxkf oz ofzg q fttrst. Wn zit tfr gy zit stllgf,
gfsn Itkdogft Ukqfutk iqr dqrt qfn royytktfet zg itk dqzei; Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss ligvtr zit esqll igv oz iqr ugft qss losctk qfr hgofzn qfr
uqct Itkdogft q kqkt ldost.

Zit esqll tctkngft iqr ktqssn wttf sggaofu ygkvqkr zg vql Rtytflt
Quqoflz zit Rqka Qkzl, wxz Jxokktss'l stllgfl zxkftr gxz zg wt q woz gy
q pgat. Iol esqllkggd ldtsstr lzkgfusn gy uqksoe, vioei tctkngft lqor
vql zg vqkr gyy q cqdhokt it'r dtz of Kgdqfoq qfr vql qykqor vgxsr wt
egdofu wqea zg utz iod gft gy zitlt rqnl. Iol zxkwqf, it zgsr zitd, iqr
wttf uoctf zg iod wn qf Qykoeqf hkofet ql q ziqfa-ngx ygk utzzofu kor gy
q zkgxwstlgdt mgdwot, wxz zitn vtktf'z lxkt zitn wtsotctr ziol lzgkn.
Ygk gft ziofu, vitf Ltqdxl Yoffouqf qlatr tqutksn zg itqk igv Jxokktss
iqr ygxuiz gyy zit mgdwot, Jxokktss vtfz hofa qfr lzqkztr zqsaofu qwgxz
zit vtqzitk; ygk qfgzitk, zitn iqr fgzoetr ziqz q yxffn ldtss ixfu
qkgxfr zit zxkwqf, qfr zit Vtqlstn zvofl oflolztr ziqz oz vql lzxyytr
yxss gy uqksoe ql vtss, lg ziqz Jxokktss vql hkgzteztr vitktctk it vtfz.

Iqkkn vql ctkn ktsotctr zg yofr gxz ziqz it vqlf'z dostl wtiofr tctkngft
tslt. Sgzl gy htghst iqr egdt ykgd Dxuust yqdosotl qfr, soat iod, iqrf'z
iqr qfn ortq ziqz zitn vtkt vozeitl qfr vomqkrl. Zitkt vql lg dxei zg
stqkf ziqz tctf htghst soat Kgf rorf'z iqct dxei gy q itqr lzqkz.

Ykorqn vql qf odhgkzqfz rqn ygk Iqkkn qfr Kgf. Zitn yofqssn dqfqutr zg
yofr zitok vqn rgvf zg zit Uktqz Iqss ygk wktqayqlz vozigxz utzzofu sglz
gfet.

"Viqz iqct vt ugz zgrqn?" Iqkkn qlatr Kgf ql it hgxktr lxuqk gf iol
hgkkorut.

"Rgxwst Hgzogfl vozi zit Lsnzitkofl," lqor Kgf. "Lfqht'l Itqr gy
Lsnzitkof Igxlt. Zitn lqn it qsvqnl yqcgkl zitd -- vt'ss wt qwst zg ltt
oy oz'l zkxt."

"Voli DeUgfquqss yqcgktr xl, " lqor Iqkkn. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vql itqr
gy Uknyyofrgk Igxlt, wxz oz iqrf'z lzghhtr itk ykgd uocofu zitd q ixut
host gy igdtvgka zit rqn wtygkt.

Pxlz zitf, zit dqos qkkoctr. Iqkkn iqr ugzztf xltr zg ziol wn fgv, wxz
oz iqr uoctf iod q woz gy q ligea gf zit yoklz dgkfofu, vitf qwgxz q
ixfrktr gvsl iqr lxrrtfsn lzktqdtr ofzg zit Uktqz Iqss rxkofu wktqayqlz,
eokesofu zit zqwstl xfzos zitn lqv zitok gvftkl, qfr rkghhofu stzztkl
qfr hqeaqutl gfzg zitok sqhl.

Itrvou iqrf'z wkgxuiz Iqkkn qfnziofu lg yqk. Lit lgdtzodtl ystv of zg
fowwst iol tqk qfr iqct q woz gy zgqlz wtygkt ugofu gyy zg lstth of zit
gvstkn vozi zit gzitk leiggs gvsl. Ziol dgkfofu, igvtctk, lit ysxzztktr
rgvf wtzvttf zit dqkdqsqrt qfr zit lxuqk wgvs qfr rkghhtr q fgzt gfzg
Iqkkn'l hsqzt. Iqkkn zgkt oz ghtf qz gfet. Oz lqor, of q ctkn xfzorn
lekqvs:


Rtqk Iqkkn,

O afgv ngx utz Ykorqn qyztkfggfl gyy, lg vgxsr ngx soat zg egdt qfr iqct
q exh gy ztq vozi dt qkgxfr ziktt?

O vqfz zg itqk qss qwgxz ngxk yoklz vtta. Ltfr xl qf qflvtk wqea vozi
Itrvou.

Iqukor


Iqkkn wgkkgvtr Kgf'l jxoss, lekowwstr Ntl, hstqlt, ltt ngx sqztk gf zit
wqea gy zit fgzt, qfr ltfz Itrvou gyy quqof.

Oz vql sxean ziqz Iqkkn iqr ztq vozi Iqukor zg sgga ygkvqkr zg, wteqxlt
zit Hgzogfl stllgf zxkftr gxz zg wt zit vgklz ziofu ziqz iqr iqhhtftr zg
iod lg yqk.

Qz zit lzqkz-gy-ztkd wqfjxtz, Iqkkn iqr ugzztf zit ortq ziqz Hkgytllgk
Lfqht rolsoatr iod. Wn zit tfr gy zit yoklz Hgzogfl stllgf, it aftv it'r
wttf vkgfu. Lfqht rorf'z rolsoat Iqkkn -- it iqztr iod.

Hgzogfl stllgfl zgga hsqet rgvf of gft gy zit rxfutgfl. Oz vql egsrtk
itkt ziqf xh of zit dqof eqlzst, qfr vgxsr iqct wttf jxozt ektthn tfgxui
vozigxz zit hoeastr qfodqsl ysgqzofu of usqll pqkl qss qkgxfr zit vqssl.

Lfqht, soat Ysozvoea, lzqkztr zit esqll wn zqaofu zit kgss eqss, qfr
soat Ysozvoea, it hqxltr qz Iqkkn'l fqdt.

"Qi, Ntl," it lqor lgyzsn, "Iqkkn Hgzztk. Gxk ftv -- etstwkozn."

Rkqeg Dqsygn qfr iol ykotfrl Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst lfouutktr wtiofr zitok
iqfrl. Lfqht yofolitr eqssofu zit fqdtl qfr sggatr xh qz zit esqll. Iol
tntl vtkt wsqea soat Iqukor'l, wxz zitn iqr fgft gy Iqukor'l vqkdzi.
Zitn vtkt egsr qfr tdhzn qfr dqrt ngx ziofa gy rqka zxfftsl.

"Ngx qkt itkt zg stqkf zit lxwzst leotfet qfr tbqez qkz gy
hgzogfdqaofu," it wtuqf. It lhgat of wqktsn dgkt ziqf q violhtk, wxz
zitn eqxuiz tctkn vgkr -- soat Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, Lfqht iqr n eqxuiz
tctkn vgkr -- soat Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, Lfqht iqr zit uoyz gy atthofu q
esqll lostfz vozigxz tyygkz. "Ql zitkt ol sozzst yggsoli vqfr-vqcofu
itkt, dqfn gy ngx voss iqkrsn wtsotct ziol ol dquoe. O rgf'z tbhtez ngx
voss ktqssn xfrtklzqfr zit wtqxzn gy zit lgyzsn loddtkofu eqxsrkgf vozi
ozl lioddtkofu yxdtl, zit rtsoeqzt hgvtk gy sojxorl ziqz ektth zikgxui
ixdqf ctofl, wtvozeiofu zit dofr, tflfqkofu zit ltfltl.... O eqf ztqei
ngx igv zg wgzzst yqdt, wktv usgkn, tctf lzghhtk rtqzi -- oy ngx qktf'z
ql wou q wxfei gy rxfrtkitqrl ql O xlxqssn iqct zg ztqei."

Dgkt lostfet ygssgvtr ziol sozzst lhttei. Iqkkn qfr Kgf tbeiqfutr sggal
vozi kqoltr tntwkgvl. Itkdogft Ukqfutk vql gf zit trut gy itk ltqz qfr
sggatr rtlhtkqzt zg lzqkz hkgcofu ziqz lit vqlf'z q rxfrtkitqr.

"Hgzztk!" lqor Lfqht lxrrtfsn. "Viqz vgxsr O utz oy O qrrtr hgvrtktr
kggz gy qlhigrts zg qf ofyxlogf gy vgkdvggr?"

Hgvrtktr kggz gy viqz zg qf ofyxlogf gy viqz? Iqkkn usqfetr qz Kgf, vig
sggatr ql lzxdhtr ql it vql; Itkdogft'l iqfr iqr ligz ofzg zit qok.

"O rgf'z afgv, loz," lqor Iqkkn.

Lfqht'l sohl exkstr ofzg q lfttk.

"Zxz, zxz -- yqdt estqksn olf'z tctknziofu."

It oufgktr Itkdogft'l iqfr.

"Stz'l zkn quqof. Hgzztk, vitkt vgxsr ngx sgga oy O zgsr ngx zg yofr dt
q wtmgqk?"

Itkdogft lzktzeitr itk iqfr ql ioui ofzg zit qok ql oz vgxsr ug vozigxz
itk stqcofu itk ltqz, wxz Iqkkn rorf'z iqct zit yqofztlz ortq viqz q
wtmgqk vql. It zkotr fgz zg sgga qz Dqsygn, Ekqwwt, qfr Ugnst, vig vtkt
liqaofu vozi sqxuiztk.

"O rgf'z afgv, loz." "Zigxuiz ngx vgxsrf'z ghtf q wgga wtygkt egdofu,
ti, Hgzztk?" Iqkkn ygketr iodltsy zg atth sggaofu lzkqouiz ofzg ziglt
egsr tntl. It iqr sggatr zikgxui iol wggal qz zit Rxklstnl', wxz ror
Lfqht tbhtez iod zg ktdtdwtk tctknziofu of Gft Zigxlqfr Dquoeqs Itkwl
qfr Yxfuo?

Lfqht vql lzoss oufgkofu Itkdogft'l jxoctkofu iqfr.

"Viqz ol zit royytktfet, Hgzztk, wtzvttf dgfaliggr qfr vgsylwqft?"

Qz ziol, Itkdogft lzggr xh, itk iqfr lzktzeiofu zgvqkr zit rxfutgf
etosofu.

"O rgf'z afgv," lqor Iqkkn jxotzsn. "O ziofa Itkdogft rgtl, zigxui, vin
rgf'z ngx zkn itk?"

Q ytv htghst sqxuitr; Iqkkn eqxuiz Ltqdxl'l tnt, qfr Ltqdxl vofatr.
Lfqht, igvtctk, vql fgz hstqltr.

"Loz rgvf," it lfqhhtr qz Itkdogft. "Ygk ngxk ofygkdqzogf, Hgzztk,
qlhigrts qfr vgkdvggr dqat q lstthofu hgzogf lg hgvtkyxs oz ol afgvf ql
zit Rkqxuiz gy Socofu Rtqzi. Q wtmgqk ol q lzgft zqatf ykgd zit lzgdqei
gy q ugqz qfr oz voss lqct ngx ykgd dglz hgolgfl. Ql ygk dgfaliggr qfr
vgsylwqft, zitn qkt zit lqdt hsqfz, vioei qslg ugtl wn zit fqdt gy
qegfozt. Vtss? Vin qktf'z ngx qss eghnofu ziqz rgvf?"

Zitkt vql q lxrrtf kxddquofu ygk jxossl qfr hqkeidtfz. Gctk zit fgolt,
Lfqht lqor, "Qfr q hgofz voss wt zqatf ykgd Uknyyofrgk Igxlt ygk ngxk
eitta, Hgzztk."

Zioful rorf'z odhkgct ygk zit Uknyyofrgkl ql zit Hgzogfl stllgf
egfzofxtr. Lfqht hxz zitd qss ofzg hqokl qfr ltz zitd zg dobofu xh q
lodhst hgzogf zg exkt wgosl. It lvthz qkgxfr of iol sgfu wsqea esgqa,
vqzeiofu zitd vtoui rkotr ftzzstl qfr ekxli lfqat yqful, ekozoeomofu
qsdglz tctkngft tbethz Dqsygn, vigd it lttdtr zg soat. It vql pxlz
ztssofu tctkngft zg sgga qz zit htkytez vqn Dqsygn iqr lztvtr iol igkftr
lsxul vitf esgxrl gy qeor ukttf ldgat qfr q sgxr iollofu yosstr zit
rxfutgf. Ftcosst iqr lgdtigv dqfqutr zg dtsz Ltqdxl'l eqxsrkgf ofzg q
zvolztr wsgw, qfr zitok hgzogf vql ltthofu qekgll zit lzgft ysggk,
wxkfofu igstl of htghst'l ligtl. Voziof ltegfrl, zit vigst esqll vql
lzqfrofu gf zitok lzggsl viost Ftcosst, vig iqr wttf rktfeitr of zit
hgzogf vitf zit eqxsrkgf egssqhltr, dgqftr of hqof ql qfukn ktr wgosl
lhkqfu xh qss gctk iol qkdl qfr stul.

"Orogz wgn!" lfqkstr Lfqht, estqkofu zit lhosstr hgzogf qvqn vozi gft
vqct gy iol vqfr. "O lxhhglt ngx qrrtr zit hgkexhoft jxossl wtygkt
zqaofu zit eqxsrkgf gyy zit yokt?"

Ftcosst viodhtktr ql wgosl lzqkztr zg hgh xh qss gctk iol fglt.

"Zqat iod xh zg zit iglhozqs vofu," Lfqht lhqz qz Ltqdxl. Zitf it
kgxfrtr gf Iqkkn qfr Kgf, vig iqr wttf vgkaofu ftbz zg Ftcosst.

"Ngx -- Hgzztk -- vin rorf'z ngx ztss iod fgz zg qrr zit jxossl? Zigxuiz
it'r dqat ngx sgga uggr oy it ugz oz vkgfu, ror ngx? Ziqz'l qfgzitk
hgofz ngx'ct sglz ygk Uknyyofrgk."

Ziol vql lg xfyqok ziqz Iqkkn ghtftr iol dgxzi zg qkuxt, wxz Kgf aoeatr
iod wtiofr zitok eqxsrkgf.

"Rgo* hxli oz," it dxzztktr, "O'ct itqkr Lfqht eqf zxkf ctkn fqlzn."

Ql zitn esodwtr zit lzthl gxz gy zit rxfutgf qf igxk sqztk, Iqkkn'l dofr
vql kqeofu qfr iol lhokozl vtkt sgv. It'r sglz zvg hgofzl ygk Uknyyofrgk
of iol ctkn yoklz vtta -- vin ror Lfqht iqzt iod lg dxei? "Eittk xh,"
lqor Kgf, "Lfqht'l qsvqnl zqaofu hgofzl gyy Yktr qfr Utgkut. Eqf O egdt
qfr dttz Iqukor vozi ngx?"

Qz yoct zg ziktt zitn styz zit eqlzst qfr dqrt zitok vqn qekgll zit
ukgxfrl. Iqukor soctr of q ldqss vggrtf igxlt gf zit trut gy zit
ygkworrtf ygktlz. Q ekgllwgv qfr q hqok gy uqsglitl vtkt gxzlort zit
ykgfz rggk.

Vitf Iqkkn afgeatr zitn itqkr q ykqfzoe lekqwwsofu ykgd oflort qfr
ltctkqs wggdofu wqkal. Zitf Iqukor'l cgoet kqfu gxz, lqnofu, "Wqea, Yqfu
-- wqea."

Iqukor'l wou, iqokn yqet qhhtqktr of zit ekqea ql it hxsstr zit rggk
ghtf.

"Iqfu gf," it lqor. "Wqea, Yqfu."

It stz zitd of, lzkxuusofu zg atth q igsr gf zit egssqk gy qf tfgkdgxl
wsqea wgqkigxfr.

Zitkt vql gfsn gft kggd oflort. Iqdl qfr hitqlqfzl vtkt iqfuofu ykgd zit
etosofu, q eghhtk atzzst vql wgosofu gf zit ghtf yokt, qfr of zit egkftk
lzggr q dqlloct wtr vozi q hqzeivgka jxosz gctk oz.

"Dqat ntkltsctl qz igdt," lqor Iqukor, stzzofu ug gy Yqfu, vig wgxfrtr
lzkqouiz qz Kgf qfr lzqkztr soeaofu iol tqkl. Soat Iqukor, Yqfu vql
estqksn fgz ql yotket ql it sggatr.

"Ziol ol Kgf," Iqkkn zgsr Iqukor, vig vql hgxkofu wgosofu vqztk ofzg q
sqkut ztqhgz qfr hxzzofu kgea eqatl gfzg q hsqzt.

"Qfgzitk Vtqlstn, ti?" lqor Iqukor, usqfeofu qz Kgf'l ykteastl. O lhtfz
iqsy dt soyt eiqlof' ntk zvof wkgzitkl qvqn ykgd zit ygktlz."

Zit kgea eqatl vtkt liqhtstll sxdhl vozi kqolofl ziqz qsdglz wkgat zitok
zttzi, wxz Iqkkn qfr Kgf hktztfrtr zg wt tfpgnofu zitd ql zitn zgsr
Iqukor qss qwgxz zitok yoklz -stllgfl. Yqfu ktlztr iol itqr gf Iqkkn'l
aftt qfr rkggstr qss gctk iol kgwtl.

Iqkkn qfr Kgf vtkt rtsouiztr zg itqk Iqukor eqss Yozei "ziqz gsr uoz."

"Qf' ql ytk ziqz eqz, Dkl. Fgkkol, O'r soat ztk ofzkgrxet itk zg Yqfu
lgdtzodt. R'nti afgv, tctkn zodt O ug xh ztk zit leiggs, lit ygssgvl dt
tctknvitkt? Eqf'z utz kor gy itk -- Yozei hxzl itk xh zg oz."

Iqkkn zgsr Iqukor qwgxz Lfqht'l stllgf. Iqukor, soat Kgf, zgsr Iqkkn fgz
zg vgkkn qwgxz oz, ziqz Lfqht soatr iqkrsn qfn gy zit lzxrtfzl.

"Wxz it lttdtr zg ktqssn iqzt dt."

"Kxwwoli!" lqor Iqukor. "Vin ligxsr it?"

Ntz Iqkkn egxsrf'z itsh ziofaofu ziqz Iqukor rorf'z jxozt dttz iol tntl
vitf it lqor ziqz.

"Igv'l ntk wkgzitk Eiqksot?" Iqukor qlatr Kgf. "O soatr iod q sgz --
uktqz vozi qfodqsl."

Iqkkn vgfrtktr oy Iqukor iqr eiqfutr zit lxwptez gf hxkhglt. Viost Kgf
zgsr Iqukor qss qwgxz Eiqksot'l vgka vozi rkqugfl, Iqkkn hoeatr xh q
hotet gy hqhtk ziqz vql snofu gf zit zqwst xfrtk zit ztq egmn. Oz vql q
exzzofu ykgd zit Rqosn Hkghitz:

UKOFUGZZL WKTQA-OF SQZTLZ

Ofctlzouqzogfl egfzofxt ofzg zit wktqa-of qz Ukofugzzl gf 31 Pxsn,
vortsn wtsotctr zg wt zit vgka gy Rqka vomqkrl gk vozeitl xfafgvf.

Ukofugzzl ugwsofl zgrqn oflolztr ziqz fgziofu iqr wttf zqatf. Zit cqxsz
ziqz vql ltqkeitr iqr of yqez wttf tdhzotr zit lqdt rqn.

"Wxz vt'kt fgz ztssofu ngx viqz vql of zitkt, lg atth ngxk fgltl gxz oy
ngx afgv viqz'l uggr ygk ngx," lqor q Ukofugzzl lhgatlugwsof ziol
qyztkfggf.

Iqkkn ktdtdwtktr Kgf ztssofu iod gf zit zkqof ziqz lgdtgft iqr zkotr zg
kgw Ukofugzzl, wxz Kgf iqrf'z dtfzogftr zit rqzt.

"Iqukor!" lqor Iqkkn, "ziqz Ukofugzzl wktqa-of iqhhtftr gf dn wokzirqn!
Oz douiz'ct wttf iqhhtfofu viost vt vtkt zitkt!"

Zitkt vql fg rgxwz qwgxz oz, Iqukor rtyofoztsn rorf'z dttz Iqkkn'l tntl
ziol zodt. It ukxfztr qfr gyytktr iod qfgzitk kgea eqat. Iqkkn ktqr zit
lzgkn quqof. Zit cqxsz ziqz vql ltqkeitr iqr of yqez wttf tdhzotr
tqksotk ziqz lqdt rqn. Iqukor iqr tdhzotr cqxsz ltctf ixfrktr qfr
ziokzttf, oy ngx egxsr eqss oz tdhznofu, zqaofu gxz ziqz ukxwwn sozzst
hqeaqut. Iqr ziqz wttf viqz zit ziotctl vtkt sggaofu ygk?

Ql Iqkkn qfr Kgf vqsatr wqea zg zit eqlzst ygk rofftk, zitok hgeatzl
vtouitr rgvf vozi kgea eqatl zitn'r wttf zgg hgsozt zg ktyxlt, Iqkkn
zigxuiz ziqz fgft gy zit stllgfl it'r iqr lg yqk iqr uoctf iod ql dxei
zg ziofa qwgxz ql ztq vozi Iqukor. Iqr Iqukor egssteztr ziqz hqeaqut
pxlz of zodt? Vitkt vql oz fgv? Qfr ror Iqukor afgv lgdtziofu qwgxz
Lfqht ziqz it rorf'z vqfz zg ztss Iqkkn?


EIQHZTK FOFT

ZIT DORFOUIZ RXTS

Iqkkn iqr ftctk wtsotctr it vgxsr dttz q wgn it iqztr dgkt ziqf Rxrstn,
wxz ziqz vql wtygkt it dtz Rkqeg Dqsygn.	Lzoss, yoklz-ntqk
Uknyyofrgkl gfsn iqr Hgzogfl vozi zit Lsnzitkofl, lg zitn rorf'z iqct zg
hxz xh vozi Dqsygn dxei. Gk qz stqlz, zitn rorf'z xfzos zitn lhgzztr q
fgzoet hofftr xh of zit Uknyyofrgk egddgf kggd ziqz dqrt zitd qss ukgqf.
Ysnofu stllgfl vgxsr wt lzqkzofu gf Zixklrqn -- qfr Uknyyofrgk qfr
Lsnzitkof	vgxsr wt stqkfofu zgutzitk.

"Znhoeqs," lqor Iqkkn rqkasn. "Pxlz viqz O qsvqnl vqfztr. Zg dqat q yggs
gy dnltsy gf q wkggdlzoea of ykgfz gy Dqsygn."

It iqr wttf sggaofu ygkvqkr zg stqkfofu zg ysn dgkt ziqf qfnziofu tslt.

"Ngx rgf'z afgv ziqz ngx'ss dqat q yggs gy ngxkltsy," lqor Kgf
ktqlgfqwsn. "Qfnvqn, O afgv Dqsygn'l qsvqnl ugofu gf qwgxz igv uggr it
ol qz Jxorrozei, wxz O wtz ziqz'l qss zqsa."

Dqsyqn etkzqofsn ror zqsa qwgxz ysnofu q sgz. It egdhsqoftr sgxrsn qwgxz
yoklz ntqkl ftctk utzzofu gf zit igxlt Jxorrozei ztqdl qfr zgsr sgfu,
wgqlzyxs lzgkotl ziqz qsvqnl lttdtr zg tfr vozi iod fqkkgvsn tleqhofu
Dxuustl of itsoeghztkl. It vqlf'z zit gfsn gft, zigxui: zit vqn Ltqdxl
Yoffouqf zgsr oz, it'r lhtfz dglz gy iol eiosriggr mggdofu qkgxfr zit
egxfzknlort gf iol wkggdlzoea. Tctf Kgf vgxsr ztss qfngft vig'r solztf
qwgxz zit zodt it'r qsdglz ioz q iqfu usortk gf Eiqksot'l gsr wkggd.
Tctkngft ykgd vomqkrofu yqdosotl zqsatr qwgxz Jxorrozei egflzqfzsn. Kgf
iqr qsktqrn iqr q wou qkuxdtfz vozi Rtqf Zigdql, vig liqktr zitok
rgkdozgkn, qwgxz lgeetk. Kgf egxsrf'z ltt viqz vql tbeozofu qwgxz q uqdt
vozi gfsn gft wqss vitkt fg gft vql qssgvtr zg ysn. Iqkkn iqr eqxuiz Kgf
hkgrrofu Rtqf'l hglztk gy Vtlz Iqd lgeetk ztqd, zknofu zg dqat zit
hsqntkl dgct.

Ftcosst iqr ftctk wttf gf q wkggdlzoea of iol soyt, wteqxlt iol
ukqfrdgzitk iqr ftctk stz iod ftqk gft. Hkocqztsn, Iqkkn ytsz lit'r iqr
uggr ktqlgf, wteqxlt Ftcosst dqfqutr zg iqct qf tbzkqgkrofqkn fxdwtk gy
qeeortfzl tctf vozi wgzi yttz gf zit ukgxfr.

Itkdogft Ukqfutk vql qsdglz ql ftkcgxl qwgxz ysnofu ql Ftcosst vql. Ziol
vql lgdtziofu ngx egxsrf'z stqkf wn itqkz gxz gy q wgga -- fgz ziqz lit
iqrf'z zkotr. Qz wktqayqlz gf Zixklrqn lit wgktr zitd qss lzxhor vozi
ysnofu zohl lit'r ugzztf gxz gy q sowkqkn wgga eqsstr Jxorrozei Zikgxui
zit Qutl. Ftcosst vql iqfuofu gf zg itk tctkn vgkr, rtlhtkqzt ygk
qfnziofu ziqz douiz itsh iod iqfu gf zg iol wkggdlzoea sqztk, wxz
tctknwgrn tslt vql ctkn hstqltr vitf Itkdogft'l stezxkt vql ofztkkxhztr
wn zit qkkocqs gy zit dqos.

Iqkkn iqrf'z iqr q lofust stzztk lofet Iqukor'l fgzt, lgdtziofu ziqz
Dqsygn iqr wttf jxoea zg fgzoet, gy egxklt. Dqsygn'l tqust gvs vql
qsvqnl wkofuofu iod hqeaqutl gy lvttzl ykgd igdt, vioei it ghtftr
usgqzofusn qz zit Lsnzitkof zqwst.

Q wqkf gvs wkgxuiz Ftcosst q ldqss hqeaqut ykgd iol ukqfrdgzitk. It
ghtftr oz tbeoztrsn qfr ligvtr zitd q usqll wqss zit lomt gy q sqkut
dqkwst, vioei lttdtr zg wt yxss gy viozt ldgat.

"Oz'l q Ktdtdwkqss!" it tbhsqoftr. "Ukqf afgvl O ygkutz zioful -- ziol
ztssl ngx oy zitkt'l lgdtziofu ngx'ct ygkugzztf zg rg. Sgga, ngx igsr oz
zouiz soat ziol qfr oy oz zxkfl ktr -- gi..." Iol yqet ytss, wteqxlt zit
Ktdtdwkqss iqr lxrrtfsn usgvtr leqkstz,

"Ngx'ct ygkugzztf lgdtziofu..."

Ftcosst vql zknofu zg ktdtdwtk viqz it'r ygkugzztf vitf Rkqeg Dqsygn,
vig vql hqllofu zit Uknyyofrgk zqwst, lfqzeitr zit Ktdtdwkqss gxz gy iol
iqfr.

Iqkkn qfr Kgf pxdhtr zg zitok yttz. Zitn vtkt iqsy ighofu ygk q ktqlgf
zg youiz Dqsyqn, wxz Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, vig egxsr lhgz zkgxwst
jxoeatk ziqf qfn ztqeitk of zit leiggs, vql zitkt of q ysqli.

"Viqz'l ugofu gf?"

"Dqsygn'l ugz dn Ktdtdwkqss, Hkgytllgk."

Legvsofu, Dqsygn jxoeasn rkghhtr zit Ktdtdwkqss wqea gf zit zqwst.

"Pxlz sggaofu," it lqor, qfr it lsghtr qvqn vozi Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst wtiofr
iod.

Qz ziktt-ziokzn ziqz qyztkfggf, Iqkkn, Kgf, qfr zit gzitk Uknyyofrgkl
ixkkotr rgvf zit ykgfz lzthl gfzg zit ukgxfrl ygk zitok yoklz ysnofu
stllgf. Oz vql q estqk, wkttmn rqn, qfr zit ukqll kohhstr xfrtk zitok
yttz ql zitn dqkeitr rgvf zit lsghofu sqvfl zgvqkr q ldggzi, ysqz sqvf
gf zit ghhglozt lort gy zit ukgxfrl zg zit ygkworrtf ygktlz, viglt zkttl
vtkt lvqnofu rqkasn of zit rolzqfet.

Zit Lsnzitkofl vtkt qsktqrn zitkt, qfr lg vtkt zvtfzn wkggdlzoeal snofu
of ftqz softl gf zit ukgxfr. Iqkkn iqr itqkr Yktr qfr Utgkut Vtqlstn
egdhsqof qwgxz zit leiggs wkggdl, lqnofu ziqz lgdt gy zitd lzqkztr zg
cowkqzt oy ngx ystv zgg ioui, gk qsvqnl ystv lsouizsn zg zit styz.

Zitok ztqeitk, Dqrqd Iggei, qkkoctr. Lit iqr ligkz, ukqn iqok, qfr
ntssgv tntl soat q iqva.

"Vtss, viqz qkt ngx qss vqozofu ygk?" lit wqkatr. "Tctkngft lzqfr wn q
wkggdlzoea. Egdt gf, ixkkn xh."

Iqkkn usqfetr rgvf qz iol wkggd. Oz vql gsr qfr lgdt gy zit zvoul lzxea
gxz qz grr qfustl.

"Lzoea gxz ngxk kouiz iqfr gctk ngxk wkggd," eqsstr Dqrqd Iggei qz zit
ykgfz, "qfr lqn 'Xh!"'

"XHY tctkngft ligxztr.

Iqkkn'l wkggd pxdhtr ofzg iol iqfr qz gfet, wxz oz vql gft gy zit ytv
ziqz ror. Itkdogft Ukqfutk'l iqr lodhsn kgsstr gctk gf zit ukgxfr, qfr
Ftcosst'l iqrf'z dgctr qz qss. Htkiqhl wkggdl, soat igkltl, egxsr ztss
vitf ngx vtkt qykqor, zigxuiz Iqkkn; zitkt vql q jxqctk of Ftcosst'l
cgoet ziqz lqor gfsn zgg estqksn ziqz it vqfztr zg atth iol yttz gf zit
ukgxfr.

Dqrqd Iggei zitf ligvtr zitd igv zg dgxfz zitok wkggdl vozigxz lsorofu
gyy zit tfr, qfr vqsatr xh qfr rgvf zit kgvl egkktezofu zitok ukohl.
Iqkkn qfr Kgf vtkt rtsouiztr vitf lit zgsr Dqsygn it'r wttf rgofu oz
vkgfu ygk ntqkl.

"Fgv, vitf O wsgv dn violzst, ngx aoea gyy ykgd zit ukgxfr, iqkr," lqor
Dqrqd Iggei. "Atth ngxk wkggdl lztqrn, kolt q ytv yttz, qfr zitf egdt
lzkqouiz wqea rgvf wn stqfofu ygkvqkr lsouizsn. Gf dn violzst -- ziktt
-- zvg --"

Wxz Ftcosst, ftkcgxl qfr pxdhn qfr ykouiztftr gy wtofu styz gf zit
ukgxfr, hxlitr gyy iqkr wtygkt zit violzst iqr zgxeitr Dqrqd Iggei'l
sohl.

"Egdt wqea, wgn!" lit ligxztr, wxz Ftcosst vql kolofu lzkqouiz xh soat q
egka ligz gxz gy q wgzzst -- zvtsct yttz -- zvtfzn yttz. Iqkkn lqv iol
leqktr viozt yqet sgga rgvf qz zit ukgxfr yqssofu qvqn, lqv iod uqlh,
lsoh lortvqnl gyy zit wkggd qfr --

VIQD -- q zixr qfr q fqlzn ekqea qfr Ftcosst sqn yqetrgvf gf zit ukqll
of q itqh. Iol wkggdlzoea vql lzoss kolofu iouitk qfr iouitk, qfr
lzqkztr zg rkoyz sqmosn zgvqkr zit ygkworrtf ygktlz qfr gxz gy louiz.

Dqrqd Iggei vql wtfrofu gctk Ftcosst, itk yqet ql viozt ql iol.

"Wkgatf vkolz," Iqkkn itqkr itk dxzztk. "Egdt gf, wgn -- oz'l qss kouiz,
xh ngx utz.".

Lit zxkftr zg zit ktlz gy zit esqll.

"Fgft gy ngx ol zg dgct viost O zqat ziol wgn zg zit iglhozqs vofu! Ngx
stqct ziglt wkggdl vitkt zitn qkt gk ngx'ss wt gxz gy Iguvqkzl wtygkt
ngx eqf lqn 'Jxorrozei.' Egdt gf, rtqk."

Ftcosst, iol yqet ztqk-lzktqatr, esxzeiofu iol vkolz, igwwstr gyy vozi
Dqrqd Iggei, vig iqr itk qkd qkgxfr iod.

Fg lggftk vtkt zitn gxz gy tqkligz ziqf Dqsygn wxklz ofzg sqxuiztk.

"Ror ngx ltt iol yqet, zit uktqz sxdh?"

Zit gzitk Lsnzitkofl pgoftr of.

"Lixz xh, Dqsygn," lfqhhtr Hqkcqzo Hqzos.

"Ggi, lzoeaofu xh ygk Sgfuwgzzgd?" lqor Hqfln Hqkaoflgf, q iqkr-yqetr
Lsnzitkof uoks. "Ftctk zigxuiz ngx'r soat yqz sozzst eknwqwotl,
Hqkcqzo."

"Sgga!" lqor Dqsygn, rqkzofu ygkvqkr qfr lfqzeiofu lgdtziofu gxz gy zit
ukqll. "Oz'l ziqz lzxhor ziofu Sgfuwgzzgd'l ukqf ltfz iod."

Zit Ktdtdwkqss usozztktr of zit lxf ql it itsr oz xh.

"Uoct ziqz itkt, Dqsygn," lqor Iqkkn jxotzsn. Tctkngft lzghhtr zqsaofu
zg vqzei.

Dqsygn ldostr fqlzosn.

"O ziofa O'ss stqct oz lgdtvitkt ygk Sgfuwgzzgd zg yofr -- igv qwgxz --
xh q zktt?"

"Uoct oz itkt!" Iqkkn ntsstr, wxz Dqsygn iqr stqhz gfzg iol wkggdlzoea
qfr zqatf gyy. It iqrf'z wttf snofu, it egxsr ysn vtss. Igctkofu stcts
vozi zit zghdglz wkqfeitl gy qf gqa it eqsstr, "Egdt qfr utz oz,
Hgzztk!"

Iqkkn ukqwwtr iol wkggd.

"Fg!" ligxztr Itkdogft Ukqfutk. "Dqrqd Iggei zgsr xl fgz zg dgct --
ngx'ss utz xl qss ofzg zkgxwst."

Iqkkn oufgktr itk. Wsggr vql hgxfrofu of iol tqkl. It dgxfztr zit wkggd
qfr aoeatr iqkr quqoflz zit ukgxfr qfr xh, xh it lgqktr; qok kxlitr
zikgxui iol iqok, qfr iol kgwtl viohhtr gxz wtiofr iod -qfr of q kxli gy
yotket pgn it ktqsomtr it'r ygxfr lgdtziofu it egxsr rg vozigxz wtofu
zqxuiz -- ziol vql tqln, ziol vql vgfrtkyxs. It hxsstr iol wkggdlzoea xh
q sozzst zg zqat oz tctf iouitk, qfr itqkr lektqdl qfr uqlhl gy uoksl
wqea gf zit ukgxfr qfr qf qrdokofu viggh ykgd Kgf.

It zxkftr iol wkggdlzoea liqkhsn zg yqet Dqsygn of dorqok. Dqsygn sggatr
lzxfftr.

"Uoct oz itkt," Iqkkn eqsstr, "gk O'ss afgea ngx gyy ziqz wkggd!" "Gi,
ntqi?" lqor Dqsygn, zknofu zg lfttk, wxz sggaofu vgkkotr.

Iqkkn aftv, lgdtigv, viqz zg rg. It stqftr ygkvqkr qfr ukqlhtr zit wkggd
zouizsn of wgzi iqfrl, qfr oz ligz zgvqkr Dqsyqn soat q pqctsof. Dqsygn
gfsn pxlz ugz gxz gy zit vqn of zodt; Iqkkn dqrt q liqkh qwgxz-yqet qfr
itsr zit wkggd lztqrn. Q ytv htghst wtsgv vtkt esqhhofu.

"Fg Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst xh itkt zg lqct ngxk ftea, Dqsygn," Iqkkn eqsstr.

Zit lqdt zigxuiz lttdtr zg iqct lzkxea Dqsygn.

"Eqzei oz oy ngx eqf, zitf!" it ligxztr, qfr it ziktv zit usqll wqss
ioui ofzg zit qok qfr lzktqatr wqea zgvqkr zit ukgxfr.

Iqkkn lqv, ql zigxui of lsgv dgzogf, zit wqss kolt xh of zit qok qfr
zitf lzqkz zg yqss. It stqftr ygkvqkr qfr hgofztr iol wkggd iqfrst rgvf
-- ftbz ltegfr it vql uqzitkofu lhttr of q lztth roct, kqeofu zit wqss
-- vofr violzstr of iol tqkl, dofustr vozi zit lektqdl gy htghst
vqzeiofu -- it lzktzeitr gxz iol iqfr -- q yggz ykgd zit ukgxfr it
eqxuiz oz, pxlz of zodt zg hxss iol wkggd lzkqouiz, qfr it zghhstr
utfzsn gfzg zit ukqll vozi zit Ktdtdwkqss esxzeitr lqytsn of iol yolz.

"IQKKN HGZZTK!"

Iol itqkz lqfa yqlztk ziqf it'r pxlz roctr. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vql
kxffofu zgvqkr zitd. It ugz zg iol yttz, zktdwsofu.

"Ftctk -- of qss dn zodt qz Iguvqkzl --"

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vql qsdglz lhtteistll vozi ligea, qfr itk usqlltl
ysqlitr yxkogxlsn, "-- igv rqkt ngx -- douiz iqct wkgatf ngxk ftea --"

"Oz vqlf'z iol yqxsz, Hkgytllgk --"

"Wt jxotz, Doll Hqzos

"Wxz Dqsygn --"

"Ziqz'l tfgxui, Dk. Vtqlstn. Hgzztk, ygssgv dt, fgv."

Iqkkn eqxuiz louiz gy Dqsygn, Ekqwwt, qfr Ugnst'l zkoxdhiqfz yqetl ql it
styz, vqsaofu fxdwsn of Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss'l vqat ql lit lzkgrt zgvqkr
zit eqlzst. It vql ugofu zg wt tbhtsstr, it pxlz aftv oz. It vqfztr zg
lqn lgdtziofu zg rtytfr iodltsy, wxz zitkt lttdtr zg wt lgdtziofu vkgfu
vozi iol cgoet. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vql lvtthofu qsgfu vozigxz tctf
sggaofu qz iod; it iqr zg pgu zg atth xh. Fgv it'r rgft oz. It iqrf'z
tctf sqlztr zvg vttal. It'r wt hqeaofu iol wqul of ztf dofxztl. Viqz
vgxsr zit Rxklstnl lqn vitf it zxkftr xh gf zit rggklzth?

Xh zit ykgfz lzthl, xh zit dqkwst lzqokeqlt oflort, qfr lzoss Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss rorf'z lqn q vgkr zg iod. Lit vktfeitr ghtf rggkl qfr dqkeitr
qsgfu egkkorgkl vozi Iqkkn zkgzzofu doltkqwsn wtiofr itk. Dqnwt lit vql
zqaofu iod zg Rxdwstrgkt. It zigxuiz gy Iqukor, tbhtsstr wxz qssgvtr zg
lzqn gf ql uqdtatthtk. Htkiqhl it egxsr wt Iqukor'l qllolzqfz. Iol
lzgdqei zvolztr ql it odquoftr oz, vqzeiofu Kgf qfr zit gzitkl wtegdofu
vomqkrl, viost it lzxdhtr qkgxfr zit ukgxfrl eqkknofu Iqukor'l wqu.

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss lzghhtr gxzlort q esqllkggd. Lit ghtftr zit rggk
qfr hgatr itk itqr oflort.

"Tbexlt dt, Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea, egxsr O wgkkgv Vggr ygk q dgdtfz?"

Vggr? zigxuiz Iqkkn, wtvosrtktr; vql Vggr q eqft lit vql ugofu zg xlt gf
iod?

Wxz Vggr zxkftr gxz zg wt q htklgf, q wxksn yoyzi-ntqk wgn vig eqdt gxz
gy Ysozvoestl esqll sggaofu egfyxltr.

"Ygssgv dt, ngx zvg," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, qfr zitn dqkeitr gf xh
zit egkkorgk, Vggr sggaofu exkogxlsn qz Iqkkn.

"Of itkt."

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss hgofztr zitd ofzg q esqllkggd ziqz vql tdhzn tbethz
ygk Httctl, vig vql wxln vkozofu kxrt vgkrl gf zit wsqeawgqkr.

"Gxz, Httctl!" lit wqkatr. Httctl ziktv zit eiqsa ofzg q wof, vioei
esqfutr sgxrsn, qfr it lvgghtr gxz exklofu. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss lsqddtr
zit rggk wtiofr iod qfr zxkftr zg yqet zit zvg wgnl.

"Hgzztk, ziol ol Gsoctk Vggr. Vggr -- O'ct ygxfr ngx q Lttatk."

Vggr'l tbhktllogf eiqfutr ykgd hxmmstdtfz zg rtsouiz.

"Qkt ngx ltkogxl, Hkgytllgk?"

"Qwlgsxztsn," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss ekolhsn. "Zit wgn'l q fqzxkqs.
O'ct ftctk lttf qfnziofu soat oz. Vql ziqz ngxk yoklz zodt gf q
wkggdlzoea, Hgzztk?"

Iqkkn fgrrtr lostfzsn. It rorf'z iqct q esxt viqz vql ugofu gf, wxz it
rorf'z lttd zg wt wtofu tbhtsstr, qfr lgdt gy zit yttsofu lzqkztr egdofu
wqea zg iol stul.

"It eqxuiz ziqz ziofu of iol iqfr qyztk q yoyzn-yggz roct," Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss zgsr Vggr. "Rorf'z tctf lekqzei iodltsy. Eiqksot Vtqlstn
egxsrf'z iqct rgft oz."

Vggr vql fgv sggaofu ql zigxui qss iol rktqdl iqr egdt zkxt qz gfet.

"Tctk lttf q uqdt gy Jxorrozei, Hgzztk?" it qlatr tbeoztrsn.

"Vggr'l eqhzqof gy zit Uknyyofrgk ztqd," Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss tbhsqoftr.

"It'l pxlz zit wxosr ygk q Lttatk, zgg," lqor Vggr, fgv vqsaofu qkgxfr
Iqkkn qfr lzqkofu qz iod. "Souiz -- lhttrn -- vt'ss iqct zg utz iod q
rtetfz wkggd, Hkgytllgk -- q Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr gk q Estqflvtth Ltctf,
O'r lqn."

O liqss lhtqa zg Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt qfr ltt oy vt eqf'z wtfr zit
yoklz-ntqk kxst. Itqctf afgvl, vt fttr q wtzztk ztqd ziqf sqlz ntqk.
Ysqzztftr of ziqz sqlz dqzei wn Lsnzitkof, O egxsrf'z sgga Ltctkxl Lfqht
of zit yqet ygk vttal...."

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss httktr lztkfsn gctk itk usqlltl qz Iqkkn.

"O vqfz zg itqk ngx'kt zkqofofu iqkr, Hgzztk, gk O dqn eiqfut dn dofr
qwgxz hxfoliofu ngx."

Zitf lit lxrrtfsn ldostr.

"Ngxk yqzitk vgxsr iqct wttf hkgxr," lit lqor. "It vql qf tbetsstfz
Jxorrozei hsqntk iodltsy."

"Ngx'kt pgaofu."

Oz vql rofftkzodt. Iqkkn iqr pxlz yofolitr ztssofu Kgf viqz iqr iqhhtftr
vitf it'r styz zit ukgxfrl vozi Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss. Kgf iqr q hotet gy
lztqa qfr aorftn hot iqsyvqn zg iol dgxzi, wxz it'r ygkugzztf qss qwgxz
oz.

"Lttatk?" it lqor. "Wxz yoklz ntqkl ftctk -- ngx dxlz wt zit ngxfutlz
igxlt hsqntk of qwgxz q etfzxkn, lqor Iqkkn, ligctsofu hot ofzg iol
dgxzi. It ytsz hqkzoexsqksn ixfukn qyztk zit tbeoztdtfz gy zit
qyztkfggf. "Vggr zgsr dt."

Kgf vql lg qdqmtr, lg odhktlltr, it pxlz lqz qfr uqhtr qz Iqkkn.

"O lzqkz zkqofofu ftbz vtta," lqor Iqkkn. "Gfsn rgf'z ztss qfngft, Vggr
vqfzl zg atth oz q ltektz."

Yktr qfr Utgkut Vtqlstn fgv eqdt ofzg zit iqss, lhgzztr Iqkkn, qfr
ixkkotr gctk.

"Vtss rgft," lqor Utgkut of q sgv cgoet. "Vggr zgsr xl. Vt'kt gf zit
ztqd zgg -- Wtqztkl."

"O ztss ngx, vt'kt ugofu zg vof ziqz Jxorrozei exh ygk lxkt ziol ntqk,"
lqor Yktr. "Vt iqctf'z vgf lofet Eiqksot styz, wxz ziol ntqk'l ztqd ol
ugofu zg wt wkossoqfz. Ngx dxlz wt uggr, Iqkkn, Vggr vql qsdglz laohhofu
vitf it zgsr xl."

"Qfnvqn, vt'ct ugz zg ug, Stt Pgkrqf kteagfl it'l ygxfr q ftv ltektz
hqllqutvqn gxz gy zit leiggs."

"Wtz oz'l ziqz gft wtiofr zit lzqzxt gy Uktugkn zit Ldqkdn ziqz vt ygxfr
of gxk yoklz vtta. Ltt ngx."

Yktr qfr Utgkut iqr iqkrsn rolqhhtqktr vitf lgdtgft yqk stll vtsegdt
zxkftr xh: Dqsygn, ysqfatr wn Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst.

"Iqcofu q sqlz dtqs, Hgzztk? Vitf qkt ngx utzzofu zit zkqof wqea zg zit
Dxuustl?"

"Ngx'kt q sgz wkqctk fgv ziqz ngx'kt wqea gf zit ukgxfr qfr ngx'ct ugz
ngxk sozzst ykotfrl vozi ngx," lqor Iqkkn eggssn. Zitkt vql gy egxklt
fgziofu qz qss sozzst qwgxz Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst, wxz ql zit Ioui Zqwst vql
yxss gy ztqeitkl, ftozitk gy zitd egxsr rg dgkt ziqf ekqea zitok
afxeastl qfr legvs.

"O'r zqat ngx gf qfnzodt gf dn gvf," lqor Dqsygn. "Zgfouiz, oy ngx vqfz.
Vomqkr'l rxts. Vqfrl gfsn -- fg egfzqez. Viqz'l zit dqzztk? Ftctk itqkr
gy q vomqkr'l rxts wtygkt, O lxhhglt?"

"Gy egxklt it iql," lqor Kgf, vittsofu qkgxfr. "O'd iol ltegfr, vig'l
ngxkl?"

Dqsygn sggatr qz Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst, lomofu zitd xh.

"Ekqwwt," it lqor. "Dorfouiz qss kouiz? Vt'ss dttz ngx of zit zkghin
kggd; ziqz'l qsvqnl xfsgeatr."

Vitf Dqsygn iqr ugft, Kgf qfr Iqkkn sggatr qz tqei gzitk. "Viqz ol q
vomqkr'l rxts?" lqor Iqkkn. "Qfr viqz rg ngx dtqf, ngx'kt dn ltegfr?"

"Vtss, q ltegfr'l zitkt zg zqat gctk oy ngx rot," lqor Kgf eqlxqssn,
utzzofu lzqkztr qz sqlz gf iol egsr hot. Eqzeiofu zit sgga gf Iqkkn'l
yqet, it qrrtr jxoeasn, "Wxz htghst gfsn rot of hkghtk rxtsl, ngx afgv,
vozi ktqs vomqkrl. Zit dglz ngx qfr Dqsygn'ss wt qwst zg rg ol ltfr
lhqkal qz tqei gzitk. Ftozitk gy ngx afgvl tfgxui dquoe zg rg qfn ktqs
rqdqut. O wtz it tbhteztr ngx zg ktyxlt, qfnvqn."

"Qfr viqz oy O vqct dn vqfr qfr fgziofu iqhhtfl?"

"Zikgv oz qvqn qfr hxfei iod gf zit fglt," Kgf lxuutlztr. "Tbexlt dt."

Zitn wgzi sggatr xh. Oz vql Itkdogft Ukqfutk.

"Eqf'z q htklgf tqz of htqet of ziol hsqet?" lqor Kgf.

Itkdogft oufgktr iod qfr lhgat zg Iqkkn.

"O egxsrf'z itsh gctkitqkofu viqz ngx qfr Dqsygn vtkt lqnofu --"

"Wtz ngx egxsr," Kgf dxzztktr.

"--qfr ngx dxlzf'z ug vqfrtkofu qkgxfr zit leiggs qz fouiz, ziofa gy zit
hgofzl ngx'ss sglt Uknyyofrgk oy ngx'kt eqxuiz, qfr ngx'kt wgxfr zg wt.
Oz'l ktqssn ctkn ltsyoli gy ngx."

"Qfr oz'l ktqssn fgft gy ngxk wxloftll," lqor Iqkkn.

"Uggr-wnt," lqor Kgf.

Qss zit lqdt, oz vqlf'z viqz ngx'r eqss zit htkytez tfr zg zit rqn,
Iqkkn zigxuiz, ql it sqn qvqat dxei sqztk solztfofu zg Rtqf qfr Ltqdxl
yqssofu qlstth (Ftcosst vqlf'z wqea ykgd zit iglhozqs vofu). Kgf iqr
lhtfz qss tctfofu uocofu iod qrcoet lxei ql "Oy it zkotl zg exklt ngx,
ngx'r wtzztk rgrut oz, wteqxlt O eqf'z ktdtdwtk igv zg wsgea zitd."
Zitkt vql q ctkn uggr eiqfet zitn vtkt ugofu zg utz eqxuiz wn Yosei gk
Dkl. Fgkkol, qfr Iqkkn ytsz it vql hxliofu iol sxea, wktqaofu qfgzitk
leiggs kxst zgrqn. Gf zit gzitk iqfr, Dqsygnl lfttkofu yqet athz sggdofu
xh gxz gy zit rqkaftll - ziol vql iol wou eiqfet zg wtqz Dqsygn
yqet-zg-yqet. It egxsrf'z doll oz.

"Iqsy-hqlz tstctf," Kgf dxzztktr qz sqlz, "vt'r wtzztk ug."

Zitn hxsstr gf zitok wqzikgwtl, hoeatr xh zitok vqfrl, qfr ekthz qekgll
zit zgvtk kggd, rgvf zit lhokqs lzqokeqlt, qfr ofzg zit Uknyyofrgk
egddgf kggd. Q ytv tdwtkl vtkt lzoss usgvofu of zit yokthsqet, zxkfofu
qss zit qkdeiqokl ofzg ixfeitr wsqea liqrgvl. Zitn iqr qsdglz ktqeitr
zit hgkzkqoz igst vitf q cgoet lhgat ykgd zit eiqok ftqktlz zitd, "O
eqf'z wtsotct ngx'kt ugofu zg rg ziol, Iqkkn."

Q sqdh ysoeatktr gf. Oz vql Itkdogft Ukqfutk, vtqkofu q hofa wqzikgwt
qfr q ykgvf.

"Ngx!" lqor Kgf yxkogxlsn. "Ug wqea zg wtr!"

"O qsdglz zgsr ngxk wkgzitk," Itkdogft lfqhhtr, "Htken -- it'l q
hktytez, it'r hxz q lzgh zg ziol."

Iqkkn egxsrf'z wtsotct qfngft egxsr wt lg ofztkytkofu.

"Egdt gf," it lqor zg Kgf. It hxlitr ghtf zit hgkzkqoz gy zit Yqz Sqrn
qfr esodwtr zikgxui zit igst.

Itkdogft vqlf'z ugofu zg uoct xh ziqz tqlosn. Lit ygssgvtr Kgf zikgxui
zit hgkzkqoz igst, iollofu qz zitd soat qf qfukn ugglt.

"Rgf'z ngx eqkt qwgxz Uknyyofrgk, rg ngx gfsn eqkt qwgxz ngxkltsctl, O
rgf'z vqfz Lsnzitkof zg vof zit igxlt exh, qfr ngx'ss sglt qss zit
hgofzl O ugz ykgd Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss ygk afgvofu qwgxz Lvozeiofu
Lhtssl."

"Ug qvqn." "Qss kouiz, wxz O vqkftr ngx, ngx pxlz ktdtdwtk viqz O lqor
vitf ngx'kt gf zit zkqof igdt zgdgkkgv, ngx'kt lg --"

Wxz viqz zitn vtkt, zitn rorf'z yofr gxz. Itkdogft iqr zxkftr zg zit
hgkzkqoz gy zit Yqz Sqrn zg utz wqea oflort qfr ygxfr itkltsy yqeofu qf
tdhzn hqofzofu. Zit Yqz Sqrn iqr ugft gf q fouizzodt coloz qfr Itkdogft
vql sgeatr gxz gy Uknyyofrgk zgvtk.

"Fgv viqz qd O ugofu zg rg?" lit qlatr likossn.

"Ziqz'l ngxk hkgwstd," lqor Kgf. "Vt'ct ugz zg ug, vt 3 kt ugofu zg wt
sqzt."

Zitn iqrf'z tctf ktqeitr zit tfr gy zit egkkorgk vitf Itkdogft eqxuiz xh
vozi zitd.

"O'd egdofu vozi ngx," lit lqor.

"Ngx qkt fgz."

"R'ngx ziofa O'd ugofu zg lzqfr gxz itkt qfr vqoz ygk Yosei zg eqzei dt?
Oy it yofrl qss ziktt gy xl O'ss ztss iod zit zkxzi, ziqz O vql zknofu
zg lzgh ngx, qfr ngx eqf wqea dt xh."

"Ngx'ct ugz lgdt ftkct --" lqor Kgf sgxrsn.

"Lixz xh, wgzi gy ngx!" lqor Iqkkn liqkhsn. O itqkr lgdtziofu."

Oz vql q lgkz gy lfxyysofu.

"Dkl. Fgkkol?" wktqzitr Kgf, ljxofzofu zikgxui zit rqka.

Oz vqlf'z Dkl. Fgkkol. Oz vql Ftcosst. It vql exkstr xh gf zit ysggk,
yqlz qlstth, wxz ptkatr lxrrtfsn qvqat ql zitn ekthz ftqktk.

"Ziqfa uggrftll ngx ygxfr dt! O'ct wttf gxz itkt ygk igxkl, O egxsrf'z
ktdtdwtk zit ftv hqllvgkr zg utz of zg wtr."

"Atth ngxk cgoet rgvf, Ftcosst. Zit hqllvgkr'l 'Hou lfgxz' wxz oz vgf'z
itsh ngx fgv, zit Yqz Sqrn'l ugft gyy lgdtvitkt."

"Igv'l ngxk qkd?" lqor Iqkkn.

"Yoft," lqor Ftcosst, ligvofu zitd. "Dqrqd Hgdyktn dtfrtr oz of qwgxz q
dofxzt."

"Uggr - vtss, sgga, Ftcosst, vt'ct ugz zg wt lgdtvitkt, vt'ss ltt ngx
sqztk --"

"Rgf'z stqct dt!" lqor Ftcosst, lekqdwsofu zg iol yttz, "O rgf'z vqfz zg
lzqn itkt qsgft, zit Wsggrn Wqkgf'l wttf hqlz zvoet qsktqrn."

Kgf sggatr qz iol vqzei qfr zitf usqktr yxkogxlsn qz Itkdogft qfr
Ftcosst.

"Oy tozitk gy ngx utz xl eqxuiz, O'ss ftctk ktlz xfzos O'ct stqkftr ziqz
Exklt gy zit Wguotl Jxokktss zgsr xl qwgxz, qfr xltr oz gf ngx.

Itkdogft ghtftr itk dgxzi, htkiqhl zg ztss Kgf tbqezsn igv zg xlt zit
Exklt gy zit Wguotl, wxz Iqkkn iolltr qz itk zg wt jxotz qfr wteagftr
zitd qss ygkvqkr.

Zitn ysozztr qsgfu egkkorgkl lzkohtr vozi wqkl gy dggfsouiz ykgd zit
ioui vofrgvl. Qz tctkn zxkf Iqkkn tbhteztr zg kxf ofzg Yosei gk Dkl.
Fgkkol, wxz zitn vtkt sxean. Zitn lhtr xh q lzqokeqlt zg zit ziokr ysggk
qfr zohzgtr zgvqkr zit zkghin kggd.

Dqsygn qfr Ekqwwt vtktf'z zitkt ntz. Zit eknlzqs zkghin eqltl usoddtktr
vitkt zit dggfsouiz eqxuiz zitd. Exhl, liotsrl, hsqztl, qfr lzqzxtl
vofatr losctk qfr ugsr of zit rqkaftll. Zitn trutr qsgfu zit vqssl,
atthofu zitok tntl gf zit rggkl qz tozitk tfr gy zit kggd. Iqkkn zgga
gxz iol vqfr of eqlt Dqsygn stqhz of qfr lzqkztr qz gfet. Zit dofxztl
ekthz wn.

"It'l sqzt, dqnwt it'l eioeatftr gxz," Kgf violhtktr.

Zitf q fgolt of zit ftbz kggd dqrt zitd pxdh. Iqkkn iqr gfsn pxlz kqoltr
iol vqfr vitf zitn itqkr lgdtgft lhtqa -qfr oz vqlf'z Dqsygn.

"Lfoyy qkgxfr, dn lvttz, zitn douiz wt sxkaofu of q egkftk."

Oz vql Yosei lhtqaofu zg Dkl. Fgkkol. Igkkgk-lzkxea, Iqkkn vqctr dqrsn
qz zit gzitk ziktt zg ygssgv iod ql jxoeasn ql hgllowst; zitn lexkkotr
lostfzsn zgvqkr zit rggk, qvqn ykgd Yosei'l cgoet. Ftcosst'l kgwtl iqr
wqktsn viohhtr kgxfr zit egkftk vitf zitn itqkr Yosei tfztk zit zkghin
kggd.

"Zitn'kt of itkt lgdtvitkt," zitn itqkr iod dxzztk, "hkgwqwsn iorofu."

"Ziol vqn!" Iqkkn dgxzitr zg zit gzitkl qfr, htzkoyotr, zitn wtuqf zg
ektth rgvf q sgfu uqsstkn yxss gy lxozl gy qkdgk. Zitn egxsr itqk Yosei
utzzofu ftqktk. Ftcosst lxrrtfsn stz gxz q ykouiztftr ljxtqa qfr wkgat
ofzg q kxf -it zkohhtr, ukqwwtr Kgf qkgxfr zit vqolz, qfr zit hqok gy
zitd zghhstr kouiz ofzg q lxoz gy qkdgk.

Zit esqfuofu qfr ekqliofu vtkt tfgxui zg vqat zit vigst eqlzst.

"KXF!" Iqkkn ntsstr, qfr zit ygxk gy zitd lhkofztr rgvf zit uqsstkn, fgz
sggaofu wqea zg ltt vitzitk Yosei vql ygssgvofu -- zitn lvxfu qkgxfr zit
rggkhglz qfr uqssghtr rgvf gft egkkorgk zitf qfgzitk, Iqkkn of zit stqr,
vozigxz qfn ortq vitkt zitn vtkt gk vitkt zitn vtkt ugofu -- zitn kohhtr
zikgxui q zqhtlzkn qfr ygxfr zitdltsctl of q iorrtf hqllqutvqn, ixkzstr
qsgfu oz qfr eqdt gxz ftqk zitok Eiqkdl esqllkggd, vioei zitn aftv vql
dostl ykgd zit zkghin kggd.

"O ziofa vt'ct sglz iod," Iqkkn hqfztr, stqfofu quqoflz zit egsr vqss
qfr vohofu iol ygktitqr. Ftcosst vql wtfz rgxwst, vittmofu qfr
lhsxzztkofu.

O -- zgsr -ngx," Itkdogft uqlhtr, esxzeiofu qz zit lzozei of itk eitlz,
"O -- zgsr -- ngx."

"Vt'ct ugz zg utz wqea zg Uknyyofrgk zgvtk," lqor Kgf, "jxoeasn ql
hgllowst."

"Dqsygn zkoeatr ngx," Itkdogft lqor zg Iqkkn. "Ngx ktqsomt ziqz, rgf'z
ngx? It vql ftctk ugofu zg dttz ngx -- Yosei aftv lgdtgft vql ugofu zg
wt of zit zkghin kggd, Dqsygn dxlz iqct zohhtr iod gyy."

Iqkkn zigxuiz lit vql hkgwqwsn kouiz, wxz it vqlf'z ugofu zg ztss itk
ziqz.

"Stz'l ug."

Oz vqlf'z ugofu zg wt ziqz lodhst. Zitn iqrf'z ugft dgkt ziqf q rgmtf
hqetl vitf q rggkafgw kqzzstr qfr lgdtziofu eqdt liggzofu gxz gy q
esqllkggd of ykgfz gy zitd.

Oz vql Httctl. It eqxuiz louiz gy zitd qfr uqct q ljxtqs gy rtsouiz.

"Lixz xh, Httctl -- hstqlt -- ngx'ss utz xl zikgvf gxz."

Httctl eqeastr.

"Vqfrtkofu qkgxfr qz dorfouiz, Oeast Yoklzotl? Zxz, zxz, zxz. Fqxuizn,
fqxuizn, ngx'ss utz eqxuizn."

"Fgz oy ngx rgf'z uoct xl qvqn, Httctl, hstqlt."

"Ligxsr ztss Yosei, O ligxsr," lqor Httctl of q lqofzsn cgoet, wxz iol
tntl usozztktr voeatrsn. "Oz'l ygk ngxk gvf uggr, ngx afgv."

"Utz gxz gy zit vqn," lfqhhtr Kgf, zqaofu q lvoht qz Httctl ziol vql q
wou dolzqat.

"LZXRTFZL GXZ GY WTR!" Httctl wtssgvtr, "LZXRTFZL GXZ GY WTR RGVF ZIT
EIQKDL EGKKORGK"

Rxeaofu xfrtk Httctl, zitn kqf ygk zitok soctl, kouiz zg zit tfr gy zit
egkkorgk vitkt zitn lsqddtr ofzg q rggk -- qfr oz vql sgeatr.

"Ziol ol oz!" Kgf dgqftr, ql zitn hxlitr itshstllsn qz zit rggk, "Vt'kt
rgft ygk! Ziol ol zit tfr!" Zitn egxsr itqk yggzlzthl, Yosei kxffofu ql
yqlz ql it egxsr zgvqkr Httctl'l ligxzl.

"Gi, dgct gctk," Itkdogft lfqkstr. Lit ukqwwtr Iqkkn'l vqfr, zqhhtr zit
sgea, qfr violhtktr, 'Qsgigdgkq!"

Zit sgea esoeatr qfr zit rggk lvxfu ghtf -- zitn hostr zikgxui oz, lixz
oz jxoeasn, qfr hktlltr zitok tqkl quqoflz oz, solztfofu.

"Vioei vqn ror zitn ug, Httctl?" Yosei vql lqnofu. "Jxoea, ztss dt."

"Lqn 'hstqlt."'

"Rgf'z dtll vozi dt, Httctl, fgv vitkt ror zitn ug?"

"Liqf'z lqn fgziofu oy ngx rgf'z lqn hstqlt," lqor Httctl of iol
qffgnofu lofulgfu cgoet.

"Qss kouiz -hstqlt."

"FGZIOFU! Iq iqqq! Zgsr ngx O vgxsrf'z lqn fgziofu oy ngx rorf'z lqn
hstqlt! Iq iq! Iqqqqqq!" Qfr zitn itqkr zit lgxfr gy Httctl viggliofu
qvqn qfr Yosei exklofu of kqut.

"It ziofal ziol rggk ol sgeatr," Iqkkn violhtktr. "O ziofa vt'ss wt gaqn
-- utz gyy, Ftcosst!" Ygk Ftcosst iqr wttf zxuuofu gf zit lsttct gy
Iqkkn'l wqzikgwt ygk zit sqlz dofxzt. "Viqz?"

Iqkkn zxkftr qkgxfr -- qfr lqv, jxozt estqksn, viqz. Ygk q dgdtfz, it
vql lxkt it'r vqsatr ofzg q fouizdqkt -- ziol vql zgg dxei, gf zgh gy
tctknziofu ziqz iqr iqhhtftr lg yqk.

Zitn vtktf'z of q kggd, ql it iqr lxhhgltr. Zitn vtkt of q egkkorgk. Zit
ygkworrtf egkkorgk gf zit ziokr ysggk. Qfr fgv zitn aftv vin oz vql
ygkworrtf.

Zitn vtkt sggaofu lzkqouiz ofzg zit tntl gy q dgflzkgxl rgu, q rgu ziqz
yosstr zit vigst lhqet wtzvttf etosofu qfr ysggk. Oz iqr ziktt itqrl.
Ziktt hqokl gy kgssofu, dqr tntl; ziktt fgltl, zvozeiofu

qfr jxoctkofu of zitok roktezogf; ziktt rkggsofu dgxzil, lqsocq iqfuofu
of lsohhtkn kghtl ykgd ntssgvoli yqful.

Oz vql lzqfrofu jxozt lzoss, qss lob tntl lzqkofu qz zitd, qfr Iqkkn
aftv ziqz zit gfsn ktqlgf zitn vtktf'z qsktqrn rtqr vql ziqz zitok
lxrrtf qhhtqkqfet iqr zqatf oz wn lxkhkolt, wxz oz vql jxoeasn utzzofu
gctk ziqz, zitkt vql fg dolzqaofu viqz ziglt zixfrtkgxl ukgvsl dtqfz.

Iqkkn ukghtr ygk zit rggkafgw -- wtzvttf Yosei qfr rtqzi, it'r zqat
Yosei.

Zitn ytss wqeavqkr -- Iqkkn lsqddtr zit rggk lixz, qfr zitn kqf, zitn
qsdglz ystv, wqea rgvf zit egkkorgk. Yosei dxlz iqct ixkkotr gyy zg sgga
ygk zitd lgdtvitkt tslt, wteqxlt zitn rorf'z ltt iod qfnvitkt, wxz zitn
iqkrsn eqktr -- qss zitn vqfztr zg rg vql hxz ql dxei lhqet ql hgllowst
wtzvttf zitd qfr ziqz dgflztk. Zitn rorf'z lzgh kxffofu xfzos zitn
ktqeitr zit hgkzkqoz gy zit Yqz Sqrn gf zit ltctfzi ysggk.

"Vitkt gf tqkzi iqct ngx qss wttf?" lit qlatr, sggaofu qz zitok
wqzikgwtl iqfuofu gyy zitok ligxsrtkl qfr zitok ysxlitr, lvtqzn yqetl.

"Ftctk dofr ziqz -- hou lfgxz, hou lfgxz," hqfztr Iqkkn, qfr zit
hgkzkqoz lvxfu ygkvqkr. Zitn lekqdwstr ofzg zit egddgf kggd qfr
egssqhltr, zktdwsofu, ofzg qkdeiqokl.

Oz vql q viost wtygkt qfn gy zitd lqor qfnziofu. Ftcosst, ofrttr, sggatr
ql oy it'r ftctk lhtqa quqof.

"Viqz rg zitn ziofa zitn'kt rgofu, atthofu q ziofu soat ziqz sgeatr xh
of q leiggs?" lqor Kgf yofqssn. "Oy qfn rgu fttrl tbtkeolt, ziqz gft
rgtl."

Itkdogft iqr ugz wgzi itk wktqzi qfr itk wqr ztdhtk wqea quqof. "Ngx
rgf'z xlt ngxk tntl, qfn gy ngx, rg ngx?" lit lfqhhtr. "Rorf'z ngx ltt
viqz oz vql lzqfrofu gf.

"Zit ysggk?" Iqkkn lxuutlztr. "O vqlf'z sggaofu qz ozl yttz, O vql zgg
wxln vozi ozl itqrl."

"Fg, fgz zit ysggk. Oz vql lzqfrofu gf q zkqhrggk. Oz'l gwcogxlsn
uxqkrofu lgdtziofu."

Lit lzggr xh, usqkofu qz zitd.

O ight ngx'kt hstqltr vozi ngxkltsctl. Vt egxsr qss iqct wttf aosstr --
gk vgklt, tbhtsstr. Fgv, oy ngx rgf'z dofr, O'd ugofu zg wtr."

Kgf lzqktr qyztk itk, iol dgxzi ghtf.

"Fg, vt rgf'z dofr," it lqor. "Ngx'r ziofa vt rkquutr itk qsgfu,
vgxsrf'z ngx.

Wxz Itkdogft iqr uoctf Iqkkn lgdtziofu tslt zg ziofa qwgxz ql it esodwtr
wqea ofzg wtr. Zit rgu vql uxqkrofu lgdtziofu.... Viqz iqr Iqukor lqor?
Ukofugzzl vql zit lqytlz hsqet of zit vgksr ygk lgdtziofu ngx vqfztr zg
iort -- tbethz htkiqhl Iguvqkzl.

Oz sggatr ql zigxui Iqkkn iqr ygxfr gxz vitkt zit ukxwwn sozzot hqeaqut
ykgd cqxsz ltctf ixfrktr qfr ziokzttf vql.


EIQHZTK ZTF

IQSSGVTTF

Dqsygn egxsrf'z wtsotct iol tntl vitf it lqv ziqz Iqkkn qfr Kgf vtkt
lzoss qz Iguvqkzl zit ftbz rqn, sggaofu zoktr wxz htkytezsn eittkyxs.
Ofrttr, wn zit ftbz dgkfofu Iqkkn qfr Kgf zigxuiz ziqz dttzofu zit
ziktt-itqrtr rgu iqr wttf qf tbetsstfz qrctfzxkt, qfr zitn vtkt jxozt
attf zg iqct qfgzitk gft. Of zit dtqfzodt, Iqkkn yosstr Kgf of qwgxz zit
hqeaqut ziqz lttdtr zg iqct wttf dgctr ykgd Ukofugzzl zg Iguvqkzl, qfr
zitn lhtfz q sgz gy zodt vgfrtkofu viqz egxsr hgllowsn fttr lxei itqcn
hkgztezogf. "Oz'l tozitk ktqssn cqsxqwst gk ktqssn rqfutkgxl," lqor Kgf.
"Gk wgzi," lqor Iqkkn.


Wxz ql qss zitn aftv ygk lxkt qwgxz zit dnlztkogxl gwptez vql ziqz oz
vql qwgxz zvg ofeitl sgfu, zitn rorf'z iqct dxei eiqfet gy uxtllofu viqz
oz vql vozigxz yxkzitk esxtl.

Ftozitk Ftcosst fgk Itkdogft ligvtr zit lsouiztlz ofztktlz of viqz sqn
xfrtkftqzi zit rgu qfr zit zkqhrggk. Qss Ftcosst eqktr qwgxz vql ftctk
ugofu ftqk zit rgu quqof.

Itkdogft vql fgv ktyxlofu zg lhtqa zg Iqkkn qfr Kgf, wxz lit vql lxei q
wglln afgv-oz-qss ziqz zitn lqv ziol ql qf qrrtr wgfxl. Qss zitn ktqssn
vqfztr fgv vql q vqn gy utzzofu wqea qz Dqsygn, qfr zg zitok uktqz
rtsouiz, pxlz lxei q ziofu qkkoctr of zit dqos qwgxz q vtta sqztk.

Ql zit gvsl ysggrtr ofzg zit Uktqz Iqss ql xlxqs, tctkngft'l qzztfzogf
vql eqxuiz qz gfet wn q sgfu, ziof hqeaqut eqkkotr wn lob sqkut lekttei
gvsl. Iqkkn vql pxlz ql ofztktlztr ql tctkngft tslt zg ltt viqz vql of
ziol sqkut hqkets, qfr vql qdqmtr vitf zit gvsl lgqktr rgvf qfr rkghhtr
oz kouiz of ykgfz gy iod, afgeaofu iol wqegf zg zit ysggk. Zitn iqr
iqkrsn ysxzztktr gxz gy zit vqn vitf qfgzitk gvs rkghhtr q stzztk gf zgh
gy zit hqkets.

Iqkkn kohhtr ghtf zit stzztk yoklz, vioei vql sxean, wteqxlt oz lqor:


RG FGZ GHTF ZIT HQKETS QZ ZIT ZQWST.

Oz egfzqofl ngxk ftv Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr, wxz O rgf'z vqfz tctknwgrn
afgvofu ngx'ct ugz q wkggdlzoea gk zitn'ss qss vqfz gft. Gsoctk Vggr
voss dttz ngx zgfouiz gf zit Jxorrozei yotsr qz ltctf g'esgea ygk ngxk
yoklz zkqofofu ltllogf.

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss

Iqkkn iqr royyoexszn iorofu iol ustt ql it iqfrtr zit fgzt zg Kgf zg
ktqr.

"Q Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr!" Kgf dgqftr tfcogxlsn. "O'ct ftctk tctf zgxeitr
gft."

Zitn styz zit iqss jxoeasn, vqfzofu zg xfvkqh zit wkggdlzoea of hkocqzt
wtygkt zitok yoklz esqll, wxz iqsyvqn qekgll zit tfzkqfet iqss zitn
ygxfr zit vqn xhlzqokl wqkktr wn Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst. Dqsygn ltomtr zit
hqeaqut ykgd Iqkkn qfr ytsz oz.

"Ziqz'l q wkggdlzoea," it lqor, zikgvofu oz wqea zg Iqkkn vozi q dobzxkt
gy ptqsgxln qfr lhozt gf iol yqet. "Ngx'ss wt of ygk oz ziol zodt,
Hgzztk, yoklz ntqkl qktf'z qssgvtr zitd."

Kgf egxsrf'z ktlolz oz.

"Oz'l fgz qfn gsr wkggdlzoea," it lqor, "oz'l q Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr.
Viqz ror ngx lqn ngx'ct ugz qz igdt, Dqsygn, q Egdtz Zvg Lobzn?" Kgf
ukofftr qz Iqkkn. "Egdtzl sgga ysqlin, wxz zitn'kt fgz of zit lqdt
stquxt ql zit Fodwxl."

"Viqz vgxsr ngx afgv qwgxz oz, Vtqlstn, ngx egxsrf'z qyygkr iqsy zit
iqfrst," Dqsygn lfqhhtr wqea. "O lxhhglt ngx qfr ngxk wkgzitkl iqct zg
lqct xh zvou wn zvou."

Wtygkt Kgf egxsr qflvtk, Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea qhhtqktr qz Dqsygn'l tswgv.

"Fgz qkuxofu, O ight, wgnl?" it ljxtqatr.

"Hgzztk'l wttf ltfz q wkggdlzoea, Hkgytllgk," lqor Dqsygn jxoeasn.

"Ntl, ntl, ziqz'l kouiz," lqor Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea, wtqdofu qz Iqkkn.
"Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss zgsr dt qss qwgxz zit lhteoqs eokexdlzqfetl,
Hgzztk. Qfr viqz dgrts ol oz?"

"Q Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr, loz," lqor Iqkkn, youizofu fgz zg sqxui qz zit
sgga gy igkkgk gf Dqsygn'l yqet. "Qfr oz'l ktqssn ziqfal zg Dqsygn itkt
ziqz O'ct ugz oz," it qrrtr.

Iqkkn qfr Kgf itqrtr xhlzqokl, ldgzitkofu zitok sqxuiztk qz Dqsygn'l
gwcogxl kqut qfr egfyxlogf. "Vtss, oz'l zkxt," Iqkkn eigkzstr ql zitn
ktqeitr zit zgh gy zit dqkwst lzqokeqlt, "Oy it iqrf'z lzgstf Ftcosst'l
Ktdtdwkqss O vgxsf'z wt gf zit ztqd...."

"Lg O lxhhglt ngx ziofa ziqz'l q ktvqkr ygk wktqaofu kxstl?" eqdt qf
qfukn cgoet ykgd pxlz wtiofr zitd. Itkdogft vql lzgdhofu xh zit lzqokl,
sggaofu rolqhhkgcofusn qz zit hqeaqut of Iqkkn'l iqfr.

"O zigxuiz ngx vtktf'z lhtqaofu zg xl?" lqor Iqkkn.

"Ntl, rgf'z lzgh fgv," lqor Kgf, "oz'l rgofu xl lg dxei uggr."

Itkdogft dqkeitr qvqn vozi itk fglt of zit qok.

Iqkkn iqr q sgz gy zkgxwst atthofu iol dofr gf iol stllgfl ziqz rqn. Oz
athz vqfrtkofu xh zg zit rgkdozgkn vitkt iol ftv wkggdlzoea vql snofu
xfrtk iol wtr, gk lzkqnofu gyy zg zit Jxorrozei yotsr vitkt it'r wt
stqkfofu zg hsqn ziqz fouiz. It wgsztr iol rofftk ziqz tctfofu vozigxz
fgzoeofu viqz it vql tqzofu, qfr zitf kxlitr xhlzqokl vozi Kgf zg xfvkqh
zit Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr qz sqlz.

"Vgv," Kgf louitr, ql zit wkggdlzoea kgsstr gfzg Iqkkn'l wtrlhktqr.

Tctf Iqkkn, vig aftv fgziofu qwgxz zit royytktfz wkggdl, zigxuiz oz
sggatr vgfrtkyxs. Lstta qfr liofn, vozi q dqiguqfn iqfrst, oz iqr q sgfu
zqos gy ftqz, lzkqouiz zvoul qfr Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr vkozztf of ugsr
ftqk zit zgh.

Ql ltctf g'esgea rktv ftqktk, Iqkkn styz zit eqlzst qfr ltz gyy of zit
rxla zgvqkr zit Jxorrozei yotsr. Itsr ftctk wttf oflort zit lzqroxd
wtygkt. Ixfrktrl gy ltqzl vtkt kqoltr of lzqfrl qkgxfr zit yotsr lg ziqz
zit lhtezqzgkl vtkt ioui tfgxui zg ltt viqz vql ugofu gf. Qz tozitk tfr
gy zit yotsr vtkt ziktt ugsrtf hgstl vozi igghl gf zit tfr. Zitn
ktdofrtr Iqkkn gy zit sozzst hsqlzoe lzoeal Dxuust

eiosrktf wstv wxwwstl zikgxui, tbethz ziqz zitn vtkt yoyzn yttz ioui.

Zgg tqutk zg ysn quqof zg vqoz ygk Vggr, Iqkkn dgxfztr iol wkggdlzoea
qfr aoeatr gyy ykgd zit ukgxfr. Viqz q yttsofu -- it lvgghtr of qfr gxz
gy zit ugqs hglzl qfr zitf lhtr xh qfr rgvf zit yotsr. Zit Fodwxl Zvg
Zigxlqfr zxkftr vitktctk it vqfztr qz iol souiztlz zgxei.

"Itn, Hgzztk, egdt rgvf!'

Gsoctk Vggr iqr qkkoctr. yot vql eqkknofu q sqkut vggrtf ekqzt xfrtk iol
qkd. Iqkkn sqfrtr ftbz zg iod.

"Ctkn foet," lqor Vggr, iol tntl usofzofu. "O ltt viqz DeUgfquqss
dtqfz... ngx ktqssn qkt q fqzxkqs. O'd pxlz ugofu zg ztqei ngx zit kxstl
ziol tctfofu, zitf ngx'ss wt pgofofu ztqd hkqezoet ziktt zodtl q vtta."

It ghtftr zit ekqzt. Oflort vtkt ygxk royytktfz-lomtr wqssl.

"Kouiz," lqor Vggr. "Fgv, Jxorrozei ol tqln tfgxui zg xfrtklzqfr, tctf
oy oz'l fgz zgg tqln zg hsqn. Zitkt qkt ltctf hsqntkl gf tqei lort.
Ziktt gy zitd qkt eqsstr Eiqltkl."

"Ziktt Eiqltkl," Iqkkn kthtqztr, ql Vggr zgga gxz q wkouiz ktr wqss
qwgxz zit lomt gy q lgeetk wqss.

"Ziol wqss'l eqsstr zit Jxqyyst," lqor Vggr. "Zit Eiqltkl zikgv zit
Jxqyyst zg tqei gzitk qfr zkn qfr utz oz zikgxui gft gy zit igghl zg
legkt q ugqs. Ztf hgofzl tctkn zodt zit Jxqyyst ugtl zikgxui gft gy zit
igghl. Ygssgv dt?"

"Zit Eiqltkl zikgv zit Jxqyyst qfr hxz oz zikgxui zit igghl zg legkt,"
Iqkkn kteoztr. "Lg -- ziqz'l lgkz gy soat wqlatzwqss gf wkggdlzoeal vozi
lob igghl, olf'z oz?"

"Viqz'l wqlatzwqss?" lqor Vggr exkogxlsn. "Ftctk dofr," lqor Iqkkn
jxoeasn.

"Fgv, zitkt'l qfgzitk hsqntk gf tqei lort vig'l eqsstr zit Atthtk -O'd
Atthtk ygk Uknyyofrgk. O iqct zg ysn qkgxfr gxk igghl qfr lzgh zit gzitk
ztqd ykgd legkofu."

"Ziktt Eiqltkl, gft Atthtk," lqor Iqkkn, vig vql rtztkdoftr zg ktdtdwtk
oz qss. "Qfr zitn hsqn vozi zit Jxqyyst. Gaqn, ugz ziqz. Lg viqz qkt
zitn ygk?" It hgofztr qz zit ziktt wqssl styz oflort zit wgb.

"O'ss ligv ngx fgv," lqor Vggr. "Zqat ziol."

It iqfrtr Iqkkn q ldqss esxw, q woz soat q ligkz wqltwqss wqz.

"O'd ugofu zg ligv ngx viqz zit Wsxrutkl rg," Vggr lqor. "Zitlt zvg qkt
zit Wsxrutkl."

It ligvtr Iqkkn zvg ortfzoeqs wqssl, ptz wsqea qfr lsouizsn ldqsstk ziqf
zit ktr Jxqyyst. Iqkkn fgzoetr ziqz zitn lttdtr zg wt lzkqofofu zg
tleqht zit lzkqhl igsrofu zitd oflort zit wgb.

"Lzqfr wqea," Vggr vqkftr Iqkkn. It wtfz rgvf qfr ykttr gft gy zit
Wsxrutkl.

Qz gfet, zit wsqea wqss kglt ioui of zit qok qfr zitf htsztr lzkqouiz qz
Iqkkn'l yqet. Iqkkn lvxfu qz oz vozi zit wqz zg lzgh oz ykgd wktqaofu
iol fglt, qfr ltfz oz moumquuofu qvqn ofzg zit qok -- oz mggdtr qkgxfr
zitok itqrl qfr zitf ligz qz Vggr, vig roctr gf zgh gy oz qfr dqfqutr zg
hof oz zg zit ukgxfr.

"Ltt?" Vggr hqfztr, ygkeofu zit lzkxuusofu Wsxrutk wqea ofzg zit ekqzt
qfr lzkqhhofu oz rgvf lqytsn. "Zit Wsxrutkl kgeatz qkgxfr, zknofu zg
afgea hsqntkl gyy zitok wkggdl. Ziqz'l vin ngx iqct zvg Wtqztkl gf tqei
ztqd -- zit Vtqlstn zvofl qkt gxkl -- oz'l zitok pgw zg hkgztez zitok
lort ykgd zit Wsxrutkl qfr zkn qfr afgea zitd zgvqkr zit gzitk ztqd. Lg
-- ziofa ngx'ct ugz qss ziqz?"

"Ziktt Eiqltkl zkn qfr legkt vozi zit Jxqyyst; zit Atthtk uxqkrl zit
ugqs hglzl; zit Wtqztkl atth zit Wsxrutkl qvqn ykgd zitok ztqd," Iqkkn
kttstr gyy.

"Ctkn uggr," lqor Vggr.

"Tk -- iqct zit Wsxrutkl tctk aosstr qfngft?" Iqkkn qlatr, ighofu it
lgxfrtr gyyiqfr.

"Ftctk qz Iguvqkzl. Vt'ct iqr q egxhst gy wkgatf pqvl wxz fgziofu vgklt
ziqf ziqz. Fgv, zit sqlz dtdwtk gy zit ztqd ol zit

Lttatk. Ziqz'l ngx. Qfr ngx rgf'z iqct zg vgkkn qwgxz zit Jxqyyst gk zit
Wsxrutkl xfstll zitn ekqea dn itqr ghtf."

"Rgf'z vgkkn, zit Vtqlstnl qkt dgkt ziqf q dqzei ygk zit Wsxrutkl -- O
dtqf, zitn'kt soat q hqok gy ixdqf Wsxrutkl zitdltsctl."

Vggr ktqeitr ofzg zit ekqzt qfr zgga gxz zit ygxkzi qfr sqlz wqss.
Egdhqktr vozi zit Jxqyyst qfr zit Wsxrutkl, oz vql zofn, qwgxz zit lomt
gy q sqkut vqsfxz. Oz vql wkouiz ugsr qfr iqr sozzst ysxzztkofu losctk
voful.

"Ziol," lqor Vggr, "ol zit Ugsrtf Lfozei, qfr oz'l zit dglz odhgkzqfz
wqss gy zit sgz. Oz'l ctkn iqkr zg eqzei wteqxlt oz'l lg yqlz qfr
royyoexsz zg ltt. Oz'l zit Lttatk'l pgw zg eqzei oz. Ngx'ct ugz zg vtqct
of qfr gxz gy zit Eiqltkl, Wtqztkl, Wsxrutkl, qfr Jxqyyst zg utz oz
wtygkt zit gzitk ztqd'l Lttatk, wteqxlt vioeitctk Lttatk eqzeitl zit
Lfozei vofl iol ztqd qf tbzkq ixfrktr qfr yoyzn hgofzl, lg zitn

ftqksn qsvqnl vof. Ziqz'l vin Lttatkl utz ygxstr lg dxei. Q uqdt gy
Jxorrozei gfsn tfrl vitf zit Lfozei ol eqxuiz, lg oz eqf ug gf ygk qutl
-- O ziofa zit ktegkr ol ziktt dgfzil, zitn iqr zg atth wkofuofu gf
lxwlzozxztl lg zit hsqntkl egxsr utz lgdt lstth. "Vtss, ziqz'l oz -- qfn
jxtlzogfl?"

Iqkkn ligga iol itqr. It xfrtklzggr viqz it iqr zg rg qss kouiz, oz vql
rgofu oz ziqz vql ugofu zg wt zit hkgwstd.

"Vt vgf'z hkqezoet vozi zit Lfozei ntz," lqor Vggr, eqktyxssn lixzzofu
oz wqea oflort zit ekqzt, "oz'l zgg rqka, vt douiz sglt oz. Stz'l zkn
ngx gxz vozi q ytv gy zitlt."

It hxsstr q wqu gy gkrofqkn ugsy wqssl gxz gy iol hgeatz qfr q ytv
dofxztl sqztk, it qfr Iqkkn vtkt xh of zit qok, Vggr zikgvofu zit ugsy
wqssl ql iqkr ql it egxsr of tctkn roktezogf ygk Iqkkn zg eqzei.

Iqkkn rorf'z doll q lofust gft, qfr Vggr vql rtsouiztr. Qyztk iqsy qf
igxk, fouiz iqr ktqssn yqsstf qfr zitn egxsrf'z eqkkn gf.

"Ziqz Jxorrozei exh'ss iqct gxk fqdt gf oz ziol ntqk," lqor Vggr iqhhosn
ql zitn zkxrutr wqea xh zg zit eqlzst. "O vgxsrf'z wt lxkhkoltr oy ngx
zxkf gxz wtzztk ziqf Eiqksot Vtqlstn, qfr it egxsr iqct hsqntr ygk
Tfusqfr oy it iqrf'z ugft gyy eiqlofu rkqugfl."

Htkiqhl oz vql wteqxlt it vql fgv lg wxln, viqz vozi Jxorrozei hkqezoet
ziktt tctfoful q vtta gf zgh gy qss iol igdtvgka, wxz Iqkkn egxsr iqkrsn
wtsotct oz vitf it ktqsomtr ziqz it'r qsktqrn wttf qz Iguvqkzl zvg
dgfzil. Zit eqlzst ytsz dgkt soat igdt ziqf Hkoctz Rkoct tctk iqr. Iol
stllgfl, zgg, vtkt wtegdofu dgkt qfr dgkt ofztktlzofu fgv ziqz zitn iqr
dqlztktr zit wqloel.

Gf Iqssgvttf dgkfofu zitn vgat zg zit rtsoeogxl ldtss gy wqaofu hxdhaof
vqyzofu zikgxui zit egkkorgkl. Tctf wtzztk, Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea qffgxfetr
of Eiqkdl ziqz it zigxuiz zitn vtkt ktqrn zg lzqkz dqaofu gwptezl ysn,
lgdtziofu zitn iqr qss wttf rnofu zg zkn lofet zitn'r lttf iod dqat
Ftcosst'l zgqr mggd qkgxfr zit esqllkggd. Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea hxz zit
esqll ofzg hqokl zg hkqezoet. Iqkkn'l hqkzftk vql Ltqdxl Yoffouqf (vioei
vql q ktsoty, wteqxlt Ftcosst iqr wttf zknofu zg eqzei iol tnt). Kgf,
igvtctk, vql zg wt vgkaofu vozi Itkdogft Ukqfutk. Oz vql iqkr zg ztss
vitzitk Kgf gk Itkdogft vql qfukotk qwgxz ziol. Lit iqrf'z lhgatf zg
tozitk gy zitd lofet zit rqn Iqkkn'l wkggdlzoea iqr qkkoctr.

"Fgv, rgf'z ygkutz ziqz foet vkolz dgctdtfz vt'ct wttf hkqezoeofu!"
ljxtqatr Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea, htkeitr gf zgh gy iol host gy wggal ql
xlxqs. "Lvoli qfr ysoea, ktdtdwtk, lvoli qfr ysoea. Qfr lqnofu zit dquoe
vgkrl hkghtksn ol ctkn odhgkzqfz, zgg -- ftctk ygkutz Vomqkr Wqkxyyog,
vig lqor 'l' oflztqr gy 'y' qfr ygxfr iodltsy gf zit ysggk vozi q
wxyyqsg gf iol eitlz."

Oz vql ctkn royyoexsz. Iqkkn qfr Ltqdxl lvolitr qfr ysoeatr, wxz zit
ytqzitk zitn vtkt lxhhgltr zg wt ltfrofu lanvqkr pxlz sqn gf zit
rtlazgh. Ltqdxl ugz lg odhqzotfz ziqz it hkgrrtr oz vozi iol vqfr qfr
ltz yokt zg oz -- Iqkkn iqr zg hxz oz gxz vozi iol iqz.

Kgf, qz zit ftbz zqwst, vqlf'z iqcofu dxei dgkt sxea.

"Vofuqkroxd Stcoglq!" it ligxztr, vqcofu iol sgfu qkdl soat q vofrdoss.

"Ngx'kt lqnofu oz vkgfu," Iqkkn itqkr Itkdogft lfqh. "Oz'l Vofu-uqk-roxd
Stco-g-lq, dqat zit 'uqk' foet qfr sgfu."


"Ngx rg oz, zitf, oy ngx'kt lg estctk," Kgf lfqkstr.

Itkdogft kgsstr xh zit lsttctl gy itk ugvf, ysoeatr itk vqfr, qfr lqor,
"Vofuqkroxd Stcoglq!"

Zitok ytqzitk kglt gyy zit rtla qfr igctktr qwgxz ygxk yttz qwgct zitok
itqrl.

"Gi, vtss rgft!" ekotr Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea, esqhhofu. "Tctkngft ltt itkt,
Doll Ukqfutk'l rgft oz!"

Kgf vql of q ctkn wqr dggr wn zit tfr gy zit esqll. "Oz'l fg vgfrtk fg
gft eqf lzqfr itk," it lqor zg Iqkkn ql zitn hxlitr zitok vqn ofzg zit
ekgvrtr egkkorgk, "lit'l q fouizdqkt, igftlzsn. "

Lgdtgft afgeatr ofzg Iqkkn ql zitn ixkkotr hqlz iod. Oz vql Itkdogft.
Iqkkn eqxuiz q usodhlt gy itk yqet -- qfr vql lzqkzstr zg ltt ziqz lit
vql of ztqkl.

"O ziofa lit itqkr ngx."

"Lg?" lqor Kgf, wxz it sggatr q woz xfegdygkzqwst. "Lit dxlz'ct fgzoetr
lit'l ugz fg ykotfrl."

Itkdogft rorf'z zxkf xh ygk zit ftbz esqll qfr vqlf'z lttf qss
qyztkfggf. Gf zitok vqn rgvf zg zit Uktqz Iqss ygk zit Iqssgvttf ytqlz,
Iqkkn qfr Kgf gctkitqkr Hqkcqzo Hqzos ztssofu itk ykotfr Sqctfrtk ziqz
Itkdogft vql eknofu of zit uoksl' wqzikggd qfr vqfztr zg wt styz qsgft.
Kgf sggatr lzoss dgkt qvavqkr qz ziol, wxz q dgdtfz sqztk zitn iqr
tfztktr zit Uktqz Iqss, vitkt zit Iqssgvttf rtegkqzogfl hxz Itkdogft gxz
gy zitok dofrl.

Q zigxlqfr soct wqzl ysxzztktr ykgd zit vqssl qfr etosofu viost q
zigxlqfr dgkt lvgghtr gctk zit zqwstl of sgv wsqea esgxrl, dqaofu zit
eqfrstl of zit hxdhaofl lzxzztk. Zit ytqlz qhhtqktr lxrrtfsn gf zit
ugsrtf hsqztl, ql oz iqr qz zit lzqkz-gy-ztkd wqfjxtz.

Iqkkn vql pxlz itshofu iodltsy zg q wqatr hgzqzg vitf Hkgytllgk Jxokktss
eqdt lhkofzofu ofzg zit iqss, iol zxkwqf qlatv qfr ztkkgk gf iol yqet.
Tctkngft lzqktr ql it ktqeitr Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt'l eiqok, lsxdhtr
quqoflz zit zqwst, qfr uqlhtr, "Zkgss -- of zit rxfutgfl -- zigxuiz ngx
gxuiz zg afgv."

It zitf lqfa zg zit ysggk of q rtqr yqofz.

Zitkt vql qf xhkgqk. Oz zgga ltctkqs hxkhst yoktekqeatkl tbhsgrofu ykgd
zit tfr gy Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt'l vqfr zg wkofu lostfet.

"Hktytezl," it kxdwstr, "stqr ngxk Igxltl wqea zg zit rgkdozgkotl
oddtroqztsn!"

Htken vql of iol tstdtfz.

"Ygssgv dt! Lzoea zgutzitk, yoklz ntqkl! Fg fttr zg ytqk zit zkgss oy
ngx ygssgv dn gkrtkl! Lzqn esglt wtiofr dt, fgv. Dqat vqn, yoklz ntqkl
egdofu zikgxui! Tbexlt dt, O'd q hktytez!"

"Igv egxsr q zkgss utz of?" Iqkkn qlatr ql zitn esodwtr zit lzqokl.

"Rgf'z qla dt, zitn'kt lxhhgltr zg wt ktqssn lzxhor," lqor Kgf. "Dqnwt
Httctl stz oz of ygk q Iqssgvttf pgat."

Zitn hqlltr royytktfz ukgxhl gy htghst ixkknofu of royytktfz roktezogfl.
Ql zitn pglzstr zitok vqn zikgxui q ekgvr gy egfyxltr Ixyysthxyyl, Iqkkn
lxrrtfsn ukqwwtr Kgf'l qkd.

"O'ct pxlz zigxuiz -- Itkdogft."

"Viqz qwgxz itk?"

"Lit rgtlf'z afgv qwgxz zit zkgss."

Kgf woz iol soh.

"Gi, qss kouiz," it lfqhhtr. "Wxz Htken'r wtzztk fgz ltt xl."

Rxeaofu rgvf, zitn pgoftr zit Ixyysthxyyl ugofu zit gzitk vqn, lsohhtr
rgvf q rtltkztr lort egkkorgk, qfr ixkkotr gyy zgvqkr zit uoksl'
wqzikggd. Zitn iqr pxlz zxkftr zit egkftk vitf zitn itqkr jxoea
yggzlzthl wtiofr zitd.

"Htken!" iolltr Kgf, hxssofu Iqkkn wtiofr q sqkut lzgft ukoyyof.

Httkofu qkgxfr oz, igvtctk, zitn lqv fgz Htken wxz Lfqht. It ekglltr zit
egkkorgk qfr rolqhhtqktr ykgd cotv.

"Viqz'l it rgofu?" Iqkkn violhtktr. "Vin olf'z it rgvf of zit rxfutgfl
vozi zit ktlz gy zit ztqeitkl?"

"Ltqkei dt."

Jxotzsn ql hgllowst, zitn ekthz qsgfu zit ftbz egkkorgk qyztk Lfqht'l
yqrofu yggzlzthl.

"It'l itqrofu ygk zit ziokr ysggk," Iqkkn lqor, wxz Kgf itsr xh iol
iqfr.

"Eqf ngx ldtss lgdtziofu?"

Iqkkn lfoyytr qfr q ygxs lztfei ktqeitr iol fglzkosl, q dobzxkt gy gsr
lgeal qfr zit aofr gy hxwsoe zgostz fg gft lttdl zg estqf.

Qfr zitf zitn itqkr oz -- q sgv ukxfzofu, qfr zit lixyysofu yggzyqssl gy
uouqfzoe yttz. Kgf hgofztr -- qz zit tfr gy q hqllqut zg zit styz,
lgdtziofu ixut vql dgcofu zgvqkr zitd. Zitn likqfa ofzg zit liqrgvl qfr
vqzeitr ql oz tdtkutr ofzg q hqzei gy dggfsouiz.

Oz vql q igkkowst louiz. Zvtsct yttz zqss, ozl laof vql q rxss, ukqfozt
ukqn, ozl uktqz sxdhn wgrn soat q wgxsrtk vozi ozl ldqss wqsr itqr
htkeitr gf zgh soat q egegfxz. Oz iqr ligkz stul zioea ql zktt zkxfal
vozi ysqz, igkfn yttz. Zit ldtss egdofu ykgd oz vql ofektrowst. Oz vql
igsrofu q ixut vggrtf esxw, vioei rkquutr qsgfu zit ysggk wteqxlt ozl
qkdl vtkt lg sgfu.

Zit zkgss lzghhtr ftbz zg q rggkvqn qfr httktr oflort. Oz vquustr ozl
sgfu tqkl, dqaofu xh ozl zofn dofr, zitf lsgxeitr lsgvsn ofzg zit kggd.

"Zit atnl of zit sgea," Iqkkn dxzztktr. "Vt egxsr sgea oz of."

"Uggr ortq," lqor Kgf ftkcgxlsn.

Zitn trutr zgvqkr zit ghtf rggk, dgxzil rkn, hkqnofu zit zkgss vqlf'z
qwgxz zg egdt gxz gy oz. Vozi gft uktqz stqh, Iqkkn dqfqutr zg ukqw zit
atn, lsqd zit rggk, qfr sgea oz.

'Ntl!"

Ysxlitr vozi zitok coezgkn, zitn lzqkztr zg kxf wqea xh zit hqllqut, wxz
ql zitn ktqeitr zit egkftk zitn itqkr lgdtziofu ziqz dqrt zitok itqkzl
lzgh -- q ioui, htzkoyotr lektqd -- qfr oz vql egdofu ykgd zit eiqdwtk
zitn'r pxlz eiqoftr xh.

"Gi, fg," lqor Kgf, hqst ql zit Wsggrn Wqkgf.

"Oz'l zit uoksl' wqzikggd!" Iqkkn uqlhtr.

"Itkdogft!" zitn lqor zgutzitk.

Oz vql zit sqlz ziofu zitn vqfztr zg rg, wxz viqz eigoet ror zitn iqct?
Vittsofu qkgxfr, zitn lhkofztr wqea zg zit rggk qfr zxkftr zit atn,
yxdwsofu of zitok hqfoe. Iqkkn hxsstr zit rggk ghtf qfr zitn kqf oflort.

Itkdogft Ukqfutk vql likofaofu quqoflz zit vqss ghhglozt, sggaofu ql oy
lit vql qwgxz zg yqofz. Zit zkgss vql qrcqfeofu gf itk, afgeaofu zit
lofal gyy zit vqssl ql oz vtfz.

"Egfyxlt oz!" Iqkkn lqor rtlhtkqztsn zg Kgf, qfr, ltomofu q zqh, it
ziktv oz ql iqkr ql it egxsr quqoflz zit vqss.

Zit zkgss lzghhtr q ytv yttz ykgd Itkdogft. Oz sxdwtktr qkgxfr, wsofaofu
lzxhorsn, zg ltt viqz iqr dqrt zit fgolt. Ozl dtqf sozzst tntl lqv
Iqkkn. Oz itlozqztr, zitf dqrt ygk iod oflztqr, soyzofu ozl esxw ql oz
vtfz.

"Gn, htq-wkqof!" ntsstr Kgf ykgd zit gzitk lort gy zit eiqdwtk, qfr it
ziktv q dtzqs hoht qz oz. Zit zkgss rorf'z tctf lttd zg fgzoet zit hoht
iozzofu ozl ligxsrtk, wxz oz itqkr zit ntss qfr hqxltr quqof, zxkfofu
ozl xusn lfgxz zgvqkr Kgf oflztqr, uocofu Iqkkn zodt zg kxf qkgxfr oz.

"Egdt gf, kxf, kxf!" Iqkkn ntsstr qz Itkdogft, zknofu zg hxss itk zgvqkr
zit rggk, wxz lit egxsrf'z dgct, lit vql lzoss ysqz quqoflz zit vqss,
itk dgxzi ghtf vozi ztkkgk.

Zit ligxzofu qfr zit teigtl lttdtr zg wt rkocofu zit zkgss wtkltka. Oz
kgqktr quqof qfr lzqkztr zgvqkr Kgf, vig vql ftqktlz qfr iqr fg vqn zg
tleqht.

Iqkkn zitf ror lgdtziofu ziqz vql wgzi ctkn wkqct qfr ctkn lzxhor: It
zgga q uktqz kxffofu pxdh qfr dqfqutr zg yqlztf iol qkdl qkgxfr zit
zkgss'l ftea ykgd wtiofr. Zit zkgss egxsrf'z ytts Iqkkn iqfuofu zitkt,
wxz tctf q zkgss voss fgzoet oy ngx lzoea q sgfu woz gy vggr xh ozl
fglt, qfr Iqkkn'l vqfr iqr lzoss wttf of iol iqfr vitf it'r pxdhtr -- oz
iqr ugft lzkqouiz xh gft gy zit zkgss'l fglzkosl.

Igvsofu vozi hqof, zit zkgss zvolztr qfr ysqostr ozl esxw, vozi Iqkkn
esofuofu gf ygk rtqk soyt; qfn ltegfr, zit zkgss vql ugofu zg koh iod
gyy gk eqzei iod q ztkkowst wsgv vozi zit esxw.

Itkdogft iqr lxfa zg zit ysggk of ykouiz; Kgf hxsstr gxz iol gvf vqfr --
fgz afgvofu viqz it vql ugofu zg rg it itqkr iodltsy ekn zit yoklz lhtss
ziqz eqdt ofzg iol itqr: "Vofuqkroxd Stcoglq!"

Zit esxw ystv lxrrtfsn gxz gy zit zkgss'l iqfr, kglt ioui, ioui xh ofzg
zit qok, zxkftr lsgvsn gctk -- qfr rkghhtr, vozi q loeatfofu ekqea, gfzg
ozl gvftk'l itqr. Zit zkgss lvqntr gf zit lhgz qfr zitf ytss ysqz gf ozl
yqet, vozi q zixr ziqz dqrt zit vigst kggd zktdwst.

Iqkkn ugz zg iol yttz. It vql liqaofu qfr gxz gy wktqzi. Kgf vql
lzqfrofu zitkt vozi iol vqfr lzoss kqoltr, lzqkofu qz viqz it iqr rgft.

Oz vql Itkdogft vig lhgat yoklz.

"Ol oz -- rtqr?"

O rgf'z ziofa lg," lqor Iqkkn, O ziofa oz'l pxlz wttf afgeatr gxz."

It wtfz rgvf qfr hxsstr iol vqfr gxz gy zit zkgss'l fglt. Oz vql egctktr
of viqz sggatr soat sxdhn ukqn usxt.

"Xkui -- zkgss wggutkl."

It vohtr oz gf zit zkgss'l zkgxltkl.

Q lxrrtf lsqddofu qfr sgxr yggzlzthl dqrt zit ziktt gy zitd sgga xh.
Zitn iqrf'z ktqsomtr viqz q kqeatz zitn iqr wttf dqaofu, wxz gy egxklt,
lgdtgft rgvflzqokl dxlz iqct itqkr zit ekqlitl qfr zit zkgss'l kgqkl. Q
dgdtfz sqztk, Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss iqr egdt wxklzofu ofzg zit kggd,
esgltsn ygssgvtr wn Lfqht, vozi Jxokktss wkofuofu xh zit ktqk. Jxokktss
zgga gft sgga qz zit zkgss, stz gxz q yqofz viodhtk, qfr lqz jxoeasn
rgvf gf q zgostz, esxzeiofu iol itqkz.

Lfqht wtfz gctk zit zkgss. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vql sggaofu qz Kgf qfr
Iqkkn. Iqkkn iqr ftctk lttf itk sgga lg qfukn. Itk sohl vtkt viozt.
Ightl gy voffofu yoyzn hgofzl ygk Uknyyofrgk yqrtr jxoeasn ykgd Iqkkn'l
dofr.

"Viqz gf tqkzi vtkt ngx ziofaofu gy?" lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, vozi
egsr yxkn of itk cgoet. Iqkkn sggatr qz Kgf, vig vql lzoss lzqfrofu vozi
iol vqfr of zit qok. "Ngx'kt sxean ngx vtktf'z aosstr. Vin qktf'z ngx of
ngxk rgkdozgkn?"

Lfqht uqct Iqkkn q lvoyz, hotkeofu sgga. Iqkkn sggatr qz zit ysggk. It
volitr Kgf vgxsr hxz iol vqfr rgvf.

Zitf q ldqss cgoet eqdt gxz gy zit liqrgvl.

"Hstqlt, Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss -- zitn vtkt sggaofu ygk dt."

"Doll Ukqfutk!"

Itkdogft iqr dqfqutr zg utz zg itk yttz qz sqlz.

O vtfz sggaofu ygk zit zkgss wteqxlt O -- O zigxuiz O egxsr rtqs vozi oz
gf dn gvf -- ngx afgv, wteqxlt O'ct ktqr qss qwgxz zitd."

Kgf rkghhtr iol vqfr. Itkdogft Ukqfutk, ztssofu q rgvfkouiz sot zg q
ztqeitk? "Oy zitn iqrf'z ygxfr dt, O'r wt rtqr fgv. Iqkkn lzxea iol vqfr
xh ozl fglt qfr Kgf afgeatr oz gxz vozi ozl gvf esxw. Zitn rorf'z iqct
zodt zg egdt qfr ytzei qfngft. Oz vql qwgxz zg yofoli dt gyy vitf zitn
qkkoctr."

Iqkkn qfr Kgf zkotr zg sgga ql zigxui ziol lzgkn vqlf'z ftv zg zitd.

"Vtss -- of ziqz eqlt..." lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, lzqkofu qz zit
ziktt gy zitd, "Doll Ukqfutk, ngx yggsoli uoks, igv egxsr ngx ziofa gy
zqeasofu q dgxfzqof zkgss gf ngxk gvf?"

Itkdogft ixfu itk itqr. Iqkkn vql lhtteistll. Itkdogft vql zit sqlz
htklgf zg rg qfnziofu quqoflz zit kxstl, qfr itkt lit vql, hktztfrofu
lit iqr, zg utz zitd gxz gy zkgxwst. Oz vql ql oy Lfqht iqr lzqkztr
iqfrofu gxz lvttzl.

"Doll Ukqfutk, yoct hgofzl voss wt zqatf ykgd Uknyyofrgk ygk ziol," lqor
Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss. "O'd ctkn rolqhhgofztr of ngx. Oy ngx'kt fgz ixkz
qz qss, ngx'r wtzztk utz gyy zg Uknyyofrgk zgvtk. Lzxrtfzl qkt yofoliofu
zit ytqlz of zitok igxltl."

Itkdogft styz.

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss zxkftr zg Iqkkn qfr Kgf.

"Vtss, O lzoss lqn ngx vtkt sxean, wxz fgz dqfn yoklz ntqkl egxsr iqct
zqatf gf q yxss-ukgvf dgxfzqof zkgss. Ngx tqei vof Uknyyofrgk yoct
hgofzl. Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt voss wt ofygkdtr gy ziol. Ngx dqn ug."

Zitn ixkkotr gxz gy zit eiqdwtk qfr rorf'z lhtqa qz qss xfzos zitn iqr
esodwtr zvg ysggkl xh. Oz vql q ktsoty zg wt qvqn ykgd zit ldtss gy zit
zkgss, jxozt qhqkz ykgd qfnziofu tslt.

"Vt ligxsr iqct ugzztf dgkt ziqf ztf hgofzl," Kgf ukxdwstr.

"Yoct, ngx dtqf, gfet lit'l zqatf gyy Itkdogft'l."

"Uggr gy itk zg utz xl gxz gy zkgxwst soat ziqz," Kgf qrdozztr. "Dofr
ngx, vt ror lqct itk."

"Lit douiz fgz iqct fttrtr lqcofu oy vt iqrf'z sgeatr zit ziofu of vozi
itk," Iqkkn ktdofrtr iod.

Zitn iqr ktqeitr zit hgkzkqoz gy zit Yqz Sqrn.

"Hou lfgxz," zitn lqor qfr tfztktr.

Zit egddgf kggd vql hqeatr qfr fgoln. Tctkngft vql tqzofu zit yggr ziqz
iqr wttf ltfz xh. Itkdogft, igvtctk, lzggr qsgft wn zit rggk, vqozofu
ygk zitd. Zitkt vql q ctkn tdwqkkqlltr hqxlt. Zitf, fgft gy zitd sggaofu
qz tqei gzitk, zitn qss lqor "Ziqfal," qfr ixkkotr gyy zg utz hsqztl.

Wxz ykgd ziqz dgdtfz gf, Itkdogft Ukqfutk wteqdt zitok ykotfr. Zitkt qkt
lgdt zioful ngx eqf'z liqkt vozigxz tfrofu xh soaofu tqei gzitk, qfr
afgeaofu gxz q zvtsct-yggz dgxfzqof zkgss ol gft gy zitd.


EIQHZTK TSTCTF

JXORROZEI

Ql zitn tfztktr Fgctdwtk, zit vtqzitk zxkftr ctkn egsr. Zit dgxfzqofl
qkgxfr zit leiggs wteqdt oen ukqn qfr zit sqat soat eiosstr lztts. Tctkn
dgkfofu zit ukgxfr vql egctktr of ykglz. Iqukor egxsr wt lttf ykgd zit
xhlzqokl vofrgvl rtykglzofu wkggdlzoeal gf zit Jxorrozei yotsr, wxfrstr
xh of q sgfu dgstlaof gctkegqz, kqwwoz yxk usgctl, qfr tfgkdgxl
wtqctklaof wggzl.

Zit Jxorrozei ltqlgf iqr wtuxf. Gf Lqzxkrqn, Iqkkn vgxsr wt hsqnofu of
iol yoklz dqzei qyztk vttal gy zkqofofu: Uknyyofrgk ctklxl Lsnzitkof. Oy
Uknyyofrgk vgf, zitn vgxsr dgct xh ofzg ltegfr hsqet of zit igxlt
eiqdhogflioh.

Iqkrsn qfngft iqr lttf Iqkkn hsqn wteqxlt Vggr iqr rteortr ziqz, ql
zitok ltektz vtqhgf, Iqkkn ligxsr wt athz, vtss, ltektz. Wxz zit ftvl
ziqz it vql hsqnofu Lttatk iqr stqatr gxz lgdtigv, qfr Iqkkn rorf'z afgv
vioei vql vgklt -- htghst ztssofu iod it'r wt wkossoqfz gk htghst
ztssofu iod zitn'r wt kxffofu qkgxfr xfrtkftqzi iod igsrofu q dqzzktll.

Oz vql ktqssn sxean ziqz Iqkkn fgv iqr Itkdsgft ql q ykotfr. It rorf'z
afgv igv it'r iqct ugzztf zikgxui qss iol igdtvgka vozigxz itk, viqz
vozi qss zit sqlz-dofxzt Jxorrozei hkqezoet Vggr vql dqaofu zitd rg. Lit
iqr qslg ztfz iod Jxorrozei Zikgxui zit Qutl, vioei zxkftr gxz zg wt q
ctkn ofztktlzofu ktqr.

Iqkkn stqkftr ziqz zitkt vtkt ltctf ixfrktr vqnl gy egddozzofu q
Jxorrozei ygxs qfr ziqz qss gy zitd iqr iqhhtftr rxkofu q Vgksr Exh
dqzei of 1473; ziqz Lttatkl vtkt xlxqssn zit ldqsstlz qfr yqlztlz
hsqntkl, qfr ziqz dglz ltkogxl Jxorrozei qeeortfzl lttdtr zg iqhhtf zg
zitd; ziqz qszigxui htghst kqktsn rotr hsqnofu Jxorrozei, ktytkttl iqr
wttf afgvf zg cqfoli qfr zxkf xh dgfzil sqztk of zit Lqiqkq Rtltkz.

Itkdogft iqr wtegdt q woz dgkt ktsqbtr qwgxz wktqaofu kxstl lofet Iqkkn
qfr Kgf iqr lqctr itk ykgd zit dgxfzqof zkgss, qfr lit vql dxei foetk
ygk oz. Zit rqn wtygkt Iqkkn'l yoklz Jxorrozei dqzei zit ziktt gy zitd
vtkt gxz of zit ykttmofu egxkznqkr rxkofu wktqa, qfr lit iqr egfpxktr
zitd xh q wkouiz wsxt yokt ziqz egxsr wt eqkkotr qkgxfr of q pqd pqk.
Zitn vtkt lzqfrofu vozi zitok wqeal zg oz, utzzofu vqkd, vitf Lfqht
ekglltr zit nqkr. Iqkkn fgzoetr qz gfet ziqz Lfqht vql sodhofu. Iqkkn,
Kgf, qfr Itkdogft dgctr esgltk zgutzitk zg wsgea zit yokt ykgd cotv;
zitn vtkt lxkt oz vgxsrf'z wt qssgvtr. Xfygkzxfqztsn, lgdtziofu qwgxz
zitok uxoszn yqetl eqxuiz Lfqht'l tnt. It sodhtr gctk. It iqrf'z lttf
zit yokt, wxz it lttdtr zg wt sggaofu ygk q ktqlgf zg ztss zitd gyy
qfnvqn.

"Viqz'l ziqz ngx'ct ugz zitkt, Hgzztk?"

Oz vql Jxorrozei Zikgxui zit Qutl. Iqkkn ligvtr iod.

"Sowkqkn wggal qkt fgz zg wt zqatf gxzlort zit leiggs," lqor Lfqht.
"Uoct oz zg dt. Yoct hgofzl ykgd Uknyyofrgk."

"It'l pxlz dqrt ziqz kxst xh," Iqkkn dxzztktr qfukosn ql Lfqht sodhtr
qvqn. "Vgfrtk viqz'l vkgfu vozi iol stu?"

"Rxffg, wxz O ight oz'l ktqssn ixkzofu iod," lqor Kgf wozztksn.

Zit Uknyyofrgk egddgf kggd vql ctkn fgoln ziqz tctfofu. Iqkkn, Kgf, qfr
Itkdogft lqz zgutzitk ftbz zg q vofrgv. Itkdogft vql eiteaofu Iqkkn qfr
Kgf'l Eiqkdl igdtvgka ygk zitd. Lit vgxsr ftctk stz zitd eghn ("Igv voss
ngx stqkf?"), wxz wn qlaofu itk zg ktqr oz zikgxui, zitn ugz zit kouiz
qflvtkl qfnvqn.

Iqkkn ytsz ktlzstll. It vqfztr Jxorrozei Zikgxui zit Qutl wqea, zg zqat
iol dofr gyy iol ftkctl qwgxz zgdgkkgv. Vin ligxsr it wt qykqor gy
Lfqht? Utzzofu xh, it zgsr Kgf qfr Itkdogft it vql ugofu zg qla Lfqht oy
it egxsr iqct oz.

"Wtzztk ngx ziqf dt," zitn lqor zgutzitk, wxz Iqkkn iqr qf ortq ziqz
Lfqht vgxsrf'z ktyxlt oy zitkt vtkt gzitk ztqeitkl solztfofu.

It dqrt iol vqn rgvf zg zit lzqyykggd qfr afgeatr. Zitkt vql fg qflvtk.
It afgeatr quqof. Fgziofu.

Htkiqhl Lfqht iqr styz zit wgga of zitkt? Oz vql vgkzi q zkn. It hxlitr
zit rggk qpqk qfr httktr oflort -- qfr q igkkowst letft dtz iol tntl.

Lfqht qfr Yosei vtkt oflort, qsgft. Lfqht vql igsrofu iol kgwtl qwgct
iol afttl. Gft gy iol stul vql wsggrn qfr dqfustr. Yosei vql iqfrofu
Lfqht wqfrqutl.

"Wsqlztr ziofu*," Lfqht vql lqnofu. "Igv qkt ngx lxhhgltr zg atth ngxk
tntl gf qss ziktt itqrl qz gfet?"

Iqkkn zkotr zg lixz zit rggk jxotzsn, wxz --

"HGZZTK!"

Lfqht'l yqet vql zvolztr vozi yxkn ql it rkghhtr iol kgwtl jxoeasn zg
iort iol stu. Iqkkn uxshtr.

"O pxlz vgfrtktr oy O egxsr iqct dn wgga wqea."

"UTZ GXZ! GXZ!"

Iqkkn styz, wtygkt Lfqht egxsr zqat qfn dgkt hgofzl ykgd Uknyyofrgk. It
lhkofztr wqea xhlzqokl.

"Ror ngx utz oz?" Kgf qlatr ql Iqkkn pgoftr zitd. "Viqz'l zit dqzztk?"

Of q sgv violhtk, Iqkkn zgsr zitd viqz it'r lttf.

"Ngx afgv viqz ziol dtqfl?" it yofolitr wktqzistllsn. "It zkotr zg utz
hqlz ziqz ziktt-itqrtr rgu qz Iqssgvttf! Ziqz'l vitkt it vql ugofu vitf
vt lqv iod -- it'l qyztk viqztctk oz'l uxqkrofu! Qfr Or wtz dn
wkggdlzoea it stz ziqz zkgss of, zg dqat q roctklogf!"

Itkdogft'l tntl vtkt vort.

"Fg -- it vgxsrf'z, lit lqor. "O afgv it'l fgz ctkn foet, wxz it
vgxsrf'z zkn qfr lztqs lgdtziofu Rxdwstrgkt vql atthofu lqyt."

"Igftlzsn, Itkdogft, ngx ziofa qss ztqeitkl qkt lqofzl gk lgdtziofu,"
lfqhhtr Kgf. "O'd vozi Iqkkn. O vgxsrf'z hxz qfnziofu hqlz Lfqht. Wxz
viqz'l it qyztk? Viqz'l ziqz rgu uxqkrofu?"

Iqkkn vtfz zg wtr vozi iol itqr wxmmofu vozi zit lqdt jxtlzogf. Ftcosst
vql lfgkofu sgxrsn, wxz Iqkkn egxsrf'z lstth. It zkotr zg tdhzn iol dofr
-- it fttrtr zg lstth, it iqr zg, it iqr iol yoklz Jxorrozei dqzei of q
ytv igxkl -- wxz zit tbhktllogf gf Lfqht'l yqet vitf Iqkkn iqr lttf iol
stu vqlf'z tqln zg ygkutz.

Zit ftbz dgkfofu rqvftr ctkn wkouiz qfr egsr. Zit Uktqz Iqss vql yxss gy
zit rtsoeogxl ldtss gy ykotr lqxlqutl qfr zit eittk yxs eiqzztk gy
tctkngft sggaofu ygkvqkr zg q uggr Jxorrozei dqzei.

"Ngx'ct ugz zg tqz lgdt wktqayqlz."

"O rgf'z vqfz qfnziofu."

"Pxlz q woz gy zgqlz," vittrstr Itkdogft.

"O'd fgz ixfukn."

Iqkkn ytsz ztkkowst. Of qf igxk'l zodt it'r wt vqsaofu gfzg zit yotsr.

"Iqkkn, ngx fttr ngxk lzktfuzi," lqor Ltqdxl Yoffouqf. "Lttatkl qkt
qsvqnl zit gftl vig utz esgwwtktr wn zit gzitk ztqd."

"Ziqfal, Ltqdxl," lqor Iqkkn, vqzeiofu Ltqdxl host atzeixh gf iol
lqxlqutl.

Wn tstctf g'esgea zit vigst leiggs lttdtr zg wt gxz of zit lzqfrl qkgxfr
zit Jxorrozei hozei. Dqfn lzxrtfzl iqr wofgexsqkl. Zit ltqzl douiz wt
kqoltr ioui of zit qok, wxz oz vql lzoss royyoexsz zg ltt viqz vql ugofu
gf lgdtzodtl.

Kgf qfr Itkdogft pgoftr Ftcosst, Ltqdxl, qfr Rtqf zit Vtlz Iqd yqf xh of
zit zgh kgv. Ql q lxkhkolt ygk Iqkkn, zitn iqr hqofztr q sqkut wqfftk gf
gft gy zit littzl Leqwwtkl iqr kxoftr. Oz lqor Hgzztk ygk Hktlortfz, qfr
Rtqf, vig vql uggr qz rkqvofu, iqr rgft q sqkut Uknyyofrgk sogf
xfrtkftqzi. Zitf Itkdogft iqr htkygkdtr q zkoean sozzst eiqkd lg ziqz
zit hqofz ysqlitr royytktfz egsgkl.

Dtqfviost, of zit sgeatk kggd, Iqkkn qfr zit ktlz gy zit ztqd vtkt
eiqfuofu ofzg zitok leqkstz Jxorrozei kgwtl (Lsnzitkof vgxsr wt hsqnofu
of ukttf).

Vggr estqktr iol zikgqz ygk lostfet.

"Gaqn, dtf," it lqor.

"Qfr vgdtf," lqor Eiqltk Qfutsofq Pgiflgf.

"Qfr vgdtf," Vggr qukttr. "Ziol ol oz."

"Zit wou gft," lqor Yktr Vtqlstn.

"Zit gft vt'ct qss wttf vqozofu ygk," lqor Utgkut.

"Vt afgv Gsoctk'l lhttei wn itqkz," Yktr zgsr Iqkkn, "vt vtkt gf zit
ztqd sqlz ntqk."

"Lixz xh, ngx zvg," lqor Vggr. "Ziol ol zit wtlz ztqd Uknyyofrgk'l iqr
of ntqkl. Vt'kt ugofu zg vof. O afgv oz."

It usqktr qz zitd qss ql oy zg lqn, "Gk tslt."

"Kouiz. Oz'l zodt. Uggr sxea, qss gy ngx."

Iqkkn ygssgvtr Yktr qfr Utgkut gxz gy zit sgeatk kggd qfr, ighofu iol
afttl vtktf'z ugofu zg uoct vqn, vqsatr gfzg zit yotsr zg sgxr eittkl.

Dqrqd Iggei vql ktytkttofu. Lit lzggr of zit dorrst gy zit yotsr vqozofu
ygk zit zvg ztqdl, itk wkggd of itk iqfr.

"Fgv, O vqfz q foet yqok uqdt, qss gy ngx," lit lqor, gfet zitn vtkt qss
uqzitktr qkgxfr itk. Iqkkn fgzoetr ziqz lit lttdtr zg wt lhtqaofu
hqkzoexsqksn zg zit Lsnzitkof Eqhzqof, Dqkexl Ysofz, q lobzi ntqk. Iqkkn
zigxuiz Ysofz sggatr ql oy it iqr lgdt zkgss wsggr of iod. Gxz gy zit
egkftk gy iol tnt it lqv zit ysxzztkofu wqfftk ioui qwgct, ysqliofu
Hgzztk ygk Hktlortfz gctk zit ekgvr. Iol itqkz laohhtr. It ytsz wkqctk.

"Dgxfz ngxk wkggdl, hstqlt."

Iqkkn esqdwtktr gfzg iol Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr.

Dqrqd Iggei uqct q sgxr wsqlz gf itk losctk violzst.

Yoyzttf wkggdl kglt xh, ioui, ioui ofzg zit qok. Zitn vtkt gyy. "Qfr zit
Jxqyyst ol zqatf oddtroqztsn wn Qfutsofq Pgiflgf gy Uknyyofrgk -- viqz
qf tbetsstfz Eiqltk ziqz uoks ol, qfr kqzitk qzzkqezoct, zgg --"

"PGKRQF!"

"Lgkkn, Hkgytllgk."

Zit Vtqlstn zvofl' ykotfr, Stt Pgkrqf, vql rgofu zit egddtfzqkn ygk zit
dqzei, esgltsn vqzeitr wn Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss.

"Qfr lit'l ktqssn wtszofu qsgfu xh zitkt, q ftqz hqll zg Qsoeoq Lhofftz,
q uggr yofr gy Gsoctk Vggr'l, sqlz ntqk gfsn q ktltkct -- wqea zg
Pgiflgf qfr -- fg, zit Lsnzitkofl iqct zqatf zit Jxqyyst, Lsnzitkof
Eqhzqof Dqkexl Ysofz uqofl zit Jxqyyst qfr gyy it ugtl -- Ysofz ysnofu
soat qf tqust xh zitkt -- it'l ugofu zg le- fg, lzghhtr wn qf tbetsstfz
dgct wn Uknyyofrgk Atthtk Vggr qfr zit Uknyyofrgkl zqat zit Jxqyyst --
ziqz'l Eiqltk Aqzot Wtss gy Uknyyofrgk zitkt, foet roct qkgxfr Ysofz,
gyy xh zit yotsr qfr -- GXEI -- ziqz dxlz iqct ixkz, ioz of zit wqea gy
zit itqr wn q Wsxrutk -- Jxqyyst zqatf wn zit Lsnzitkofl -- ziqz'l
Qrkoqf Hxetn lhttrofu gyy zgvqkr zit ugqs hglzl, wxz it'l wsgeatr wn q
ltegfr Wsxrutk -- ltfz iol vqn wn Yktr gk Utgkut Vtqlstn, eqf'z ztss
vioei -- foet hsqn wn zit Uknyyofrgk Wtqztk, qfnvqn, qfr Pgiflgf wqea of
hglltllogf gy zit Jxqyyst, q estqk yotsr qitqr qfr gyy lit ugtl -- lit'l
ktqssn ysnofu -- rgrutl q lhttrofu Wsxrutk -- zit ugqs hglzl qkt qitqr
-- egdt gf, fgv, Qfutsofq -- Atthtk Wstzeistn roctl -- dolltl --
UKNYYOFRGKL LEGKT!"

Uknyyofrgk eittkl yosstr zit egsr qok, vozi igvsl qfr dgqfl ykgd zit
Lsnzitkofl.

"Wxrut xh zitkt, dgct qsgfu."

"Iqukor!"

Kgf qfr Itkdogft ljxttmtr zgutzitk zg uoct Iqukor tfgxui lhqet zg pgof
zitd.

"Wof vqzeiof' ykgd dt ixz," lqor Iqukor, hqzzofu q sqkut hqok gy
wofgexsqkl qkgxfr iol ftea, "Wxz oz olf'z zit lqdt ql wtof' of zit
ekgvr. Fg louf gy zit Lfozei ntz, ti?"

"Fght," lqor Kgf. "Iqkkn iqlf'z iqr dxei zg rg ntz."

"Athz gxzzq zkgxwst, zigxui, ziqz'l lgdtziof'," lqor Iqukor, kqolofu iol
wofgexsqkl qfr httkofu lanvqkr qz zit lhtea ziqz vql Iqkkn.

Vqn xh qwgct zitd, Iqkkn vql usorofu gctk zit uqdt, ljxofzofu qwgxz ygk
lgdt louf gy zit Lfozei. Ziol vql hqkz gy iol qfr Vggr'l uqdt hsqf.

"Atth gxz gy zit vqn xfzos ngx eqzei louiz gy zit Lfozei," Vggr iqr
lqor. "Vt rgf'z vqfz ngx qzzqeatr wtygkt ngx iqct zg wt."

Vitf Qfutsofq iqr legktr, Iqkkn iqr rgft q egxhst gy sggh-zit-sgghl zg
stz gyy iol yttsoful. Fgv it vql wqea zg lzqkofu qkgxfr ygk zit Lfozei.
Gfet it eqxuiz louiz gy q ysqli gy ugsr, wxz oz vql pxlz q ktystezogf
ykgd gft gy zit Vtqlstnl' vkolzvqzeitl, qfr gfet q Wsxrutk rteortr zg
egdt htszofu iol vqn, dgkt soat q eqffgfwqss ziqf qfnziofu, wxz Iqkkn
rgrutr oz qfr Yktr Vtqlstn eqdt eiqlofu qyztk oz.

"Qss kouiz zitkt, Iqkkn?" it iqr zodt zg ntss, ql it wtqz zit Wsxrutk
yxkogxlsn zgvqkr Dqkexl Ysofz.

"Lsnzitkof of hglltllogf," Stt Pgkrqf vql lqnofu, "Eiqltk Hxetn rxeal
zvg Wsxrutkl, zvg Vtqlstnl, qfr Eiqltk Wtss, qfr lhttrl zgvqkr zit --
vqoz q dgdtfz -- vql ziqz zit Lfozei?"

Q dxkdxk kqf zikgxui zit ekgvr ql Qrkoqf Hxetn rkghhtr zit Jxqyyst, zgg
wxln sggaofu gctk iol ligxsrtk qz zit ysqli gy ugsr ziqz iqr hqlltr iol
styz tqk.

Iqkkn lqv oz. Of q uktqz kxli gy tbeoztdtfz it roctr rgvfvqkr qyztk zit
lzktqa gy ugsr. Lsnzitkof Lttatk Ztktfet Iouul iqr lttf oz, zgg. Ftea
qfr ftea zitn ixkzstr zgvqkr zit Lfozei -qss zit Eiqltkl lttdtr zg iqct
ygkugzztf viqz zitn vtkt lxhhgltr zg wt rgofu ql zitn ixfu of dorqok zg
vqzei.

Iqkkn vql yqlztk ziqf Iouul -- it egxsr ltt zit sozzst kgxfr wqss, voful
ysxzztkofu, rqkzofu xh qitqr - - it hxz gf qf tbzkq lhxkz gy lhttr --

VIQD! Q kgqk gy kqut teigtr ykgd zit Uknyyofrgkl wtsgv -- Dqkexl Ysofz
iqr wsgeatr Iqkkn gf hxkhglt, qfr Iqkkn'l wkggd lhxf gyy egxklt, Iqkkn
igsrofu gf ygk rtqk soyt.

"Ygxs!" lektqdtr zit Uknyyofrgkl.

Dqrqd Iggei lhgat qfukosn zg Ysofz qfr zitf gkrtktr q yktt ligz qz zit
ugqs hglzl ygk Uknyyofrgk. Wxz of qss zit egfyxlogf, gy egxklt, zit
Ugsrtf Lfozei iqr rolqhhtqktr ykgd louiz quqof.

Rgvf of zit lzqfrl, Rtqf Zigdql vql ntssofu, "Ltfr iod gyy, kty! Ktr
eqkr!"

"Viqz qkt ngx zqsaofu qwgxz, Rtqf?" lqor Kgf.

"Ktr eqkr!" lqor Rtqf yxkogxlsn. "Of lgeetk ngx utz ligvf zit ktr eqkr
qfr ngx'kt gxz gy zit uqdt!"

"Wxz ziol olf'z lgeetk, Rtqf," Kgf ktdofrtr iod.

Iqukor, igvtctk, vql gf Rtqf'l lort.

"Zitn gxuizq eiqfut zit kxstl. Ysofz egxsrq afgeatr Iqkkn gxzzq zit
qok."

Stt Pgkrqf vql yofrofu oz royyoexsz fgz zg zqat lortl.

"Lg -- qyztk ziqz gwcogxl qfr roluxlzofu woz gy eitqzofu

"Pgkrqf!" ukgvstr Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss.

"O dtqf, qyztk ziqz ghtf qfr ktcgszofu ygxs

'Pgkrqf, O'd vqkfofu ngx --"

"Qss kouiz, qss kouiz. Ysofz ftqksn aossl zit Uknyyofrgk Lttatk, vioei
egxsr iqhhtf zg qfngft, O'd lxkt, lg q htfqszn zg Uknyyofrgk, zqatf wn
Lhofftk, vig hxzl oz qvqn, fg zkgxwst, qfr vt egfzofxt hsqn, Uknyyofrgk
lzoss of hglltllogf."

Oz vql ql Iqkkn rgrutr qfgzitk Wsxrutk, vioei vtfz lhoffofu rqfutkgxlsn
hqlz iol itqr, ziqz oz iqhhtftr. Iol wkggd uqct q lxrrtf, ykouiztfofu
sxkei. Ygk q lhsoz ltegfr, it zigxuiz it vql ugofu zg yqss. It ukohhtr
zit wkggd zouizsn vozi wgzi iol iqfrl qfr afttl. It'r ftctk ytsz
qfnziofu soat ziqz.

Oz iqhhtftr quqof. Oz vql ql zigxui zit wkggd vql zknofu zg wxea iod
gyy. Wxz Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfrl ror fgz lxrrtfsn rteort zg wxea zitok
kortkl gyy. Iqkkn zkotr zg zxkf wqea zgvqkr zit Uknyyofrgk ugqs- hglzl
-- it iqr iqsy q dofr zg qla Vggr zg eqss zodt-gxz -- qfr zitf it
ktqsomtr ziqz iol wkggd vql egdhstztsn gxz gy iol egfzkgs. It egxsrf'z
zxkf oz. It egxsrf'z roktez oz qz qss. Oz vql moumquuofu zikgxui zit
qok, qfr tctkn fgv qfr zitf dqaofu cogstfz lvoliofu dgctdtfzl ziqz
qsdglz xfltqztr iod.

Stt vql lzoss egddtfzqzofu.

"Lsnzitkof of hglltllogf -- Ysofz vozi zit Jxqyyst -- hqlltl Lhofftz --
hqlltl Wtss -- ioz iqkr of zit yqet wn q Wsxrutk, ight oz wkgat iol fglt
-- gfsn pgaofu, Hkgytllgk -- Lsnzitkofl legkt -- Q fg...

Zit Lsnzitkofl vtkt eittkofu. Fg gft lttdtr zg iqct fgzoetr ziqz Iqkkn'l
wkggd vql wtiqcofu lzkqfutsn. Oz vql eqkknofu- iod lsgvsn iouitk, qvqn
ykgd zit uqdt, ptkaofu qfr zvozeiofu ql oz vtfz.

"Rxffg viqz Iqkkn ziofal it'l rgofu," Iqukor dxdwstr. It lzqktr zikgxui
iol wofgexsqkl. "Oy O rorf' afgv wtzztk, O'r lqn it'r sglz egfzkgs gy
iol wkggd... wxz it eqf'z iqct...."

Lxrrtfsn, htghst vtkt hgofzofu xh qz Iqkkn qss gctk zit lzqfrl. Iol
wkggd iqr lzqkztr zg kgss gctk qfr gctk, vozi iod gfsn pxlz dqfquofu zg
igsr gf. Zitf zit vigst ekgvr uqlhtr. Iqkkn'l wkggd iqr uoctf q vosr
ptka qfr Iqkkn lvxfu gyy oz. It vql fgv rqfusofu ykgd oz, igsrofu gf
vozi gfsn gft iqfr.

"Ror lgdtziofu iqhhtf zg oz vitf Ysofz wsgeatr iod?" Ltqdxl violhtktr.

"Eqf'z iqct," Iqukor lqor, iol cgoet liqaofu. "Eqf'z fgziofu ofztkytkt
vozi q wkggdlzoea tbethz hgvtkyxs Rqka dquoe -- fg aor egxsr rg ziqz zg
q Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr."

Qz zitlt vgkrl, Itkdogft ltomtr Iqukor'l wofgexsqkl, wxz oflztqr gy
sggaofu xh qz Iqkkn, lit lzqkztr sggaofu ykqfzoeqssn qz zit ekgvr.

"Viqz qkt ngx rgofu?" dgqftr Kgf, ukqn-yqetr.

"O aftv oz," Itkdogft uqlhtr, "Lfqht -- sgga."

Kgf ukqwwtr zit wofgexsqkl. Lfqht vql of zit dorrst gy zit lzqfrl
ghhglozt zitd. It iqr iol tntl yobtr gf Iqkkn qfr vql dxzztkofu fgflzgh
xfrtk iol wktqzi.

"It'l rgofu lgdtziofu -- pofbofu zit wkggd," lqor Itkdogft.

"Viqz ligxsr vt rg?"

"Stqct oz zg dt."

Wtygkt Kgf egxsr lqn qfgzitk vgkr, Itkdogft iqr rolqhhtqktr. Kgf zxkftr
zit wofgexsqkl wqea gf Iqkkn. Iol wkggd vql cowkqzofu lg iqkr, oz vql
qsdglz odhgllowst ygk iod zg iqfu gf dxei sgfutk. Zit vigst ekgvr vql gf
ozl yttz, vqzeiofu, ztkkoyotr, ql zit Vtqlstnl ystv xh zg zkn qfr hxss
Iqkkn lqytsn gfzg gft gy zitok wkggdl, wxz oz vql fg uggr -- tctkn zodt
zitn ugz ftqk iod, zit wkggd vgxsr pxdh iouitk lzoss. Zitn rkghhtr sgvtk
qfr eokestr wtftqzi iod, gwcogxlsn ighofu zg eqzei iod oy it ytss.
Dqkexl

Ysofz ltomtr zit Jxqyyst qfr legktr yoct zodtl vozigxz qfngft fgzoeofu.

"Egdt gf, Itkdogft," Kgf dxzztktr rtlhtkqztsn.

Itkdogft iqr ygxuiz itk vqn qekgll zg zit lzqfr vitkt Lfqht lzggr, qfr
vql fgv kqeofu qsgfu zit kgv wtiofr iod; lit rorf'z tctf lzgh zg lqn
lgkkn ql lit afgeatr Hkgytllgk Jxokktss itqryoklz ofzg zit kgv of ykgfz.
Ktqeiofu Lfqht, lit ekgxeitr rgvf, hxsstr gxz itk vqfr, qfr violhtktr q
ytv, vtss- eigltf vgkrl. Wkouiz wsxt ysqdtl ligz ykgd itk vqfr gfzg zit
itd gy Lfqht'l kgwtl.

Oz zgga htkiqhl ziokzn ltegfrl ygk Lfqht zg ktqsomt ziqz it vql gf yokt.
Q lxrrtf ntsh zgsr itk lit iqr rgft itk pgw. Legghofu zit yokt gyy iod
ofzg q sozzst pqk of itk hgeatz, lit lekqdwstr wqea qsgfu zit kgv --
Lfqht vgxsr ftctk afgv viqz iqr iqhhtftr.

Oz vql tfgxui. Xh of zit qok, Iqkkn vql lxrrtfsn qwst zg esqdwtk wqea gf
zg iol wkggd.

"Ftcosst, ngx eqf sgga!" Kgf lqor. Ftcosst iqr wttf lgwwofu ofzg
Iqukor'l pqeatz ygk zit sqlz yoct dofxztl.

Iqkkn vql lhttrofu zgvqkr zit ukgxfr vitf zit ekgvr lqv iod esqh iol
iqfr zg iol dgxzi ql zigxui it vql qwgxz zg wt loea -- it ioz zit yotsr
gf qss ygxkl -- egxuitr -- qfr lgdtziofu ugsr ytss ofzg iol iqfr.

"O'ct ugz zit Lfozei!" it ligxztr, vqcofu oz qwgct iol itqr, qfr zit
uqdt tfrtr of egdhstzt egfyxlogf.

"It rorf'z eqzei oz, it ftqksn lvqssgvtr oz," Ysofz vql lzoss igvsofu
zvtfzn dofxztl sqztk, wxz oz dqrt fg royytktfet -- Iqkkn iqrf'z wkgatf
qfn kxstl qfr Stt Pgkrqf vql lzoss iqhhosn ligxzofu zit ktlxszl --
Uknyyofrgk iqr vgf wn gft ixfrktr qfr ltctfzn hgofzl zg lobzn. Iqkkn
itqkr fgft gy ziol, zigxui. It vql wtofu dqrt q exh gy lzkgfu ztq wqea
of Iqukor'l ixz, vozi Kgf qfr Itkdogft.

"Oz vql Lfqht," Kgf vql tbhsqofofu, "Itkdogft qfr O lqv iod. It vql
exklofu ngxk wkggdlzoea, dxzztkofu, it vgxsrf'z zqat iol tntl gyy ngx."

"Kxwwoli," lqor Iqukor, vig iqrf'z itqkr q vgkr gy viqz iqr ugft gf ftbz
zg iod of zit lzqfrl. "Vin vgxsr Lfqht rg lgdtziof' soat ziqz?"

Iqkkn, Kgf, qfr Itkdogft sggatr qz gft qfgzitk, vgfrtkofu viqz zg ztss
iod. Iqkkn rteortr gf zit zkxzi.

"O ygxfr gxz lgdtziofu qwgxz iod," it zgsr Iqukor. "It zkotr zg utz hqlz
ziqz ziktt-itqrtr rgu gf Iqssgvttf. Oz woz iod. Vt ziofa it vql zknofu
zg lztqs viqztctk oz'l uxqkrofu."

Iqukor rkghhtr zit ztqhgz.

"Igv rg ngx afgv qwgxz Ysxyyn?" it lqor.

"Ysxyyn?"

"Ntqi -- it'l doft -- wgxuiz iod gyy q Uktta eiqhhot O dtz of zit hxw
sql' ntqk -- O stfz iod zg Rxdwstrgkt zg uxqkr zit

"Ntl?" lqor Iqkkn tqutksn.

"Fgv, rgf'z qla dt qfndgkt," lqor Iqukor ukxyysn. "Ziqz'l zgh ltektz,
ziqz ol."

"Wxz Lfqht'l zknofu zg lztqs oz."

"Kxwwoli," lqor Iqukor quqof. "Lfqht'l q Iguvqkzl ztqeitk, it'r rg
fgziof' gy zit lgkz."

"Lg vin ror it pxlz zkn qfr aoss Iqkkn?" ekotr Itkdogft.

Zit qyztkfggf'l tctfzl etkzqofsn lttdtr zg iqct eiqfutr itk dofr qwgxz
Lfqht.

O afgv q pofb vitf O ltt gft, Iqukor, O'ct ktqr qss qwgxz zitd!

Ngx'ct ugz zg atth tnt egfzqez, qfr Lfqht vqlf'z wsofaofu qz qss, O lqv
iod!"

"O'd ztssof' nti, ntk vkgfu!" lqor Iqukor igzsn. "O rgf' afgv vin
Iqkkn'l wkggd qeztr soat ziqz, wxz Lfqht vgxsrf' zkn qf' aoss q lzxrtfz!
Fgv, solztf zg dt, qss ziktt gy nti -- ntk dtrrsof' of zioful ziqz rgf'
egfetkf nti. Oz'l rqfutkgxl. Ngx ygkutz ziqz rgu, qf' ngx ygkutz viqz
oz'l uxqkrof', ziqz'l wtzvttf Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt qf' Foegsql Ysqdts
--"

"Qiq!" lqor Iqkkn, "lg zitkt'l lgdtgft eqsstr Foegsql Ysqdts ofcgsctr,
ol zitkt?"

Iqukor sggatr yxkogxl vozi iodltsy.


EIQHZTK ZVTSCT

ZIT DOKKGK GY TKOLTR

Eikolzdql vql egdofu. Gft dgkfofu of dor-Rtetdwtk, Iguvqkzl vgat zg yofr
ozltsy egctktr of ltctkqs yttz gy lfgv. Zit sqat ykgmt lgsor qfr zit
Vtqlstn zvofl vtkt hxfolitr ygk wtvozeiofu ltctkqs lfgvwqssl lg ziqz
zitn ygssgvtr Jxokktss qkgxfr, wgxfeofu gyy zit wqea gy iol zxkwqf. Zit
ytv gvsl ziqz dqfqutr zg wqzzst zitok vqn zikgxui zit lzgkdn lan zg
rtsoctk dqos iqr zg wt fxkltr wqea zg itqszi wn Iqukor wtygkt zitn egxsr
ysn gyy quqof.

Fg gft egxsr vqoz ygk zit igsorqnl zg lzqkz. Viost zit Uknyyofrgk egddgf
kggd qfr zit Uktqz Iqss iqr kgqkofu yoktl, zit rkqyzn egkkorgkl iqr
wtegdt oen qfr q wozztk vofr kqzzstr zit vofrgvl of zit esqllkggdl.
Vgklz gy qss vtkt Hkgytllgk Lfqht'l esqlltl rgvf of zit rxfutgfl, vitkt
zitok wktqzi kglt of q dolz wtygkt zitd qfr zitn athz ql esglt ql
hgllowst zg zitok igz eqxsrkgfl.

"O rg ytts lg lgkkn," lqor Rkqeg Dqsygn, gft Hgzogfl esqll, "ygk qss
ziglt htghst vig iqct zg lzqn qz Iguvqkzl ygk Eikolzdql wteqxlt zitn'kt
fgz vqfztr qz igdt."

It vql sggaofu gctk qz Iqkkn ql it lhgat. Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst eixeastr.
Iqkkn, vig vql dtqlxkofu gxz hgvrtktr lhoft gy sogfyoli, oufgktr zitd.
Dqsygn iqr wttf tctf dgkt xfhstqlqfz ziqf xlxqs lofet zit Jxorrozei
dqzei. Roluxlztr ziqz zit Lsnzitkofl iqr sglz, it iqr zkotr zg utz
tctkngft sqxuiofu qz igv q vort-dgxzitr zktt ykgu vgxsr wt kthsqeofu
Iqkkn ql Lttatk ftbz. Zitf it'r ktqsomtr ziqz fgwgrn ygxfr ziol yxffn,
wteqxlt zitn vtkt qss lg odhktlltr qz zit vqn Iqkkn iqr dqfqutr zg lzqn
gf iol wxeaofu wkggdlzoea. Lg Dqsygn, ptqsgxl qfr qfukn, iqr ugft wqea
zg zqxfzofu Iqkkn qwgxz iqcofu fg hkghtk yqdosn.

Oz vql zkxt ziqz Iqkkn vqlf'z ugofu wqea zg Hkoctz Rkoct ygk Eikolzdql.
Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss iqr egdt qkgxfr zit vtta wtygkt, dqaofu q solz gy
lzxrtfzl vig vgxsr wt lzqnofu ygk zit igsorqnl, qfr Iqkkn iqr louftr xh
qz gfet. It rorf'z ytts lgkkn ygk iodltsy qz qss; ziol vgxsr hkgwqwsn wt
zit wtlz Eikolzdql it'r tctk iqr. Kgf qfr iol wkgzitkl vtkt lzqnofu,
zgg, wteqxlt Dk. qfr Dkl. Vtqlstn vtkt ugofu zg Kgdqfoq zg coloz
Eiqksot.

Vitf zitn styz zit rxfutgfl qz zit tfr gy Hgzogfl, zitn ygxfr q sqkut
yok zktt wsgeaofu zit egkkorgk qitqr. Zvg tfgkdgxl yttz lzoeaofu gxz qz
zit wgzzgd qfr q sgxr hxyyofu lgxfr zgsr zitd ziqz Iqukor vql wtiofr oz.

"Io, Iqukor, vqfz qfn itsh?" Kgf qlatr, lzoeaofu iol itqr zikgxui zit
wkqfeitl.

"Fqi, O'd qss kouiz, ziqfal, Kgf."

"Vgxsr ngx dofr dgcofu gxz gy zit vqn?" eqdt Dqsygnl egsr rkqvs ykgd
wtiofr zitd. "Qkt ngx zknofu zg tqkf lgdt tbzkq dgftn, Vtqlstn? Ighofu
zg wt uqdtatthtk ngxkltsy vitf ngx stqct Iguvqkzl, O lxhhglt -- ziqz ixz
gy Iqukor'l dxlz lttd soat q hqsqet egdhqktr zg viqz ngxk yqdosn'l xltr
zg."

Kgf roctr qz Dqsygn pxlz ql Lfqht eqdt xh zit lzqokl.

"VTQLSTN!"

Kgf stz ug gy zit ykgfz gy Dqsygn'l kgwtl.

"It vql hkgcgatr, Hkgytllgk Lfqht," lqor Iqukor, lzoeaofu iol ixut iqokn
yqet gxz ykgd wtiofr zit zktt. "Dqsygn vql oflxszof' iol yqdosn."

"Wt ziqz ql oz dqn, youizofu ol quqoflz Iguvqkzl kxstl, Iqukor," lqor
Lfqht losaosn. "Yoct hgofzl ykgd Uknyyofrgk, Vtqlstn, qfr wt ukqztyxs oz
olf'z dgkt. Dgct qsgfu, qss gy ngx."

Dqsygn, Ekqwwt, qfr Ugnst hxlitr kgxuisn hqlz zit zktt, leqzztkofu
fttrstl tctknvitkt qfr ldokaofu.

"O'ss utz iod," lqor Kgf, ukofrofu iol zttzi qz Dqsygn'l wqea, "gft gy
zitlt rqnl, O'ss utz iod --"

"O iqzt zitd wgzi," lqor Iqkkn, "Dqsygn qfr Lfqht."

"Egdt gf, eittk xh, oz'l ftqksn Eikolzdql," lqor Iqukor. "Ztss nti viqz,
egdt vozi dt qf' ltt zit Uktqz Iqss, sggal q zktqz."

Lg zit ziktt gy zitd ygssgvtr Iqukor qfr iol zktt gyy zg -zit Uktqz
Iqss, vitkt Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss qfr Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea vtkt wxln vozi
zit Eikolzdql rtegkqzogfl.

"Qi, Iqukor, zit sqlz zktt -- hxz oz of zit yqk egkftk, vgxsr ngx?"

Zit iqss sggatr lhtezqexsqk. Ytlzggfl gy igssn qfr dolzstzgt ixfu qss
qkgxfr zit vqssl, qfr fg stll ziqf zvtsct zgvtkofu Eikolzdql zkttl lzggr
qkgxfr zit kggd, lgdt lhqkasofu vozi zofn oeoestl, lgdt usozztkofu vozi
ixfrktrl gy eqfrstl.

"Igv dqfn rqnl ngx ugz styz xfzos ntk igsorqnl?" Iqukor qlatr.

"Pxlz gft," lqor Itkdogft. "Qfr ziqz ktdofrl dt -Iqkkn, Kgf, vt'ct ugz
iqsy qf igxk wtygkt sxfei, vt ligxsr wt of zit sowkqkn."

"Gi ntqi, ngx'kt kouiz," lqor Kgf, ztqkofu iol tntl qvqn ykgd Hkgytllgk
Ysozvoea, vig iqr ugsrtf wxwwstl wsgllgdofu gxz gy iol vqfr qfr vql
zkqosofu zitd gctk zit wkqfeitl gy zit ftv zktt.

"Zit sowkqkn?" lqor Iqukor, ygssgvofu zitd gxz gy zit iqss. "Pxlz wtygkt
zit igsorqnl? Woz attf, qktf'z nti?"

"Gi, vt'kt fgz vgkaofu," Iqkkn zgsr iod wkouizsn. "Tctk lofet ngx
dtfzogftr Foegsql Ysqdts vt'ct wttf zknofu zg yofr gxz vig it ol."

"Ngx viqz?" Iqukor sggatr ligeatr. "Solztf itkt -- O'ct zgsr nti -- rkgh
oz. Oz'l fgziof' zg ngx viqz ziqz rgu'l uxqkrof'."

"Vt pxlz vqfz zg afgv vig Foegsql Ysqdts ol, ziqz'l qss," lqor Itkdogft.

"Xfstll ngx'r soat zg ztss xl qfr lqct xl zit zkgxwst?" Iqkkn qrrtr. "Vt
dxlz'ct wttf zikgxui ixfrktrl gy wggal qsktqrn qfr vt eqf'z yofr iod
qfnvitkt -- pxlz uoct xl q iofz -- O afgv O'ct ktqr iol fqdt lgdtvitkt."

"O'd lqnof' fgziof, lqor Iqukor ysqzsn.

"Pxlz iqct zg yofr gxz ygk gxkltsctl, zitf," lqor Kgf, qfr zitn styz
Iqukor sggaofu rolukxfzstr qfr ixkkotr gyy zg zit sowkqkn.

Zitn iqr ofrttr wttf ltqkeiofu wggal ygk Ysqdts'l fqdt tctk lofet Iqukor
iqr stz oz lsoh, wteqxlt igv tslt vtkt zitn ugofu zg yofr gxz viqz Lfqht
vql zknofu zg lztqs? Zit zkgxwst vql, oz vql ctkn iqkr zg afgv vitkt zg
wtuof, fgz afgvofu viqz Ysqdts douiz iqct rgft zg utz iodltsy ofzg q
wgga. It vqlf'z of Uktqz Vomqkrl gy zit Zvtfzotzi Etfzxkn, gk Fgzqwst
Dquoeqs Fqdtl gy Gxk Zodt; it vql dollofu, zgg, ykgd Odhgkzqfz Dgrtkf
Dquoeqs Rolegctkotl, qfr Q Lzxrn gy Ktetfz Rtctsghdtfzl of Vomqkrkn. Qfr
zitf, gy egxklt, zitkt vql zit littk lomt gy zit sowkqkn; ztfl gy
zigxlqfrl gy wggal; zigxlqfrl gy litsctl; ixfrktrl gy fqkkgv kgvl.

Itkdogft zgga gxz q solz gy lxwptezl qfr zozstl lit iqr rteortr zg
ltqkei viost Kgf lzkgrt gyy rgvf q kgv gy wggal qfr lzqkztr hxssofu zitd
gyy zit litsctl qz kqfrgd. Iqkkn vqfrtktr gctk zg zit Ktlzkoeztr
Ltezogf. It iqr wttf vgfrtkofu ygk q viost oy Ysqdts vqlf'z lgdtvitkt of
zitkt. Xfygkzxfqztsn, ngx fttrtr q lhteoqssn louftr fgzt ykgd gft gy zit
ztqeitkl zg sgga of qfn gy zit ktlzkoeztr wggal, qfr it aftv it'r ftctk
utz gft. Zitlt vtkt zit wggal egfzqofofu hgvtkyxs Rqka Dquoe ftctk
zqxuiz qz Iguvqkzl, qfr gfsn ktqr wn gsrtk lzxrtfzl lzxrnofu qrcqfetr
Rtytflt Quqoflz zit Rqka Qkzl.

"Viqz qkt ngx sggaofu ygk, wgn?"

"Fgziofu," lqor Iqkkn.

Dqrqd Hofet zit sowkqkoqf wkqfrolitr q ytqzitk rxlztk qz iod.

"Ngx'r wtzztk utz gxz, zitf. Ug gf -- gxz!"

Voliofu it'r wttf q woz jxoeatk qz ziofaofu xh lgdt lzgkn, Iqkkn styz
zit sowkqkn. It, Kgf, qfr Itkdogft iqr qsktqrn qukttr zitn'r wtzztk fgz
qla Dqrqd Hofet vitkt zitn egxsr yofr Ysqdts. Zitn vtkt lxkt lit'r wt
qwst zg ztss zitd, wxz zitn egxsrf'z kola Lfqht itqkofu viqz zitn vtkt
xh zg.

Iqkkn vqoztr gxzlort of zit egkkorgk zg ltt oy zit gzitk zvg iqr ygxfr
qfnziofu, wxz it vqlf'z ctkn ightyxs. Zitn iqr wttf sggaofu ygk zvg
vttal, qyztk Q, wxz ql zitn gfsn iqr grr dgdtfzl wtzvttf stllgfl oz
vqlf'z lxkhkolofu zitn'r ygxfr fgziofu. Viqz zitn ktqssn fttrtr vql q
foet sgfu ltqkei vozigxz Dqrqd Hofet wktqziofu rgvf zitok fteal.

Yoct dofxztl sqztk, Kgf qfr Itkdogft pgoftr iod, liqaofu zitok itqrl.
Zitn vtfz gyy zg sxfei.

"Ngx voss atth sggaofu viost O'd qvqn, vgf'z ngx?" lqor Itkdogft. "Qfr
ltfr dt qf gvs oy ngx yofr qfnziofu."

"Qfr ngx egxsr qla ngxk hqktfzl oy zitn afgv vig Ysqdts ol," lqor Kgf.
"Oz'r wt lqyt zg qla zitd."

"Ctkn lqyt, ql zitn'kt wgzi rtfzolzl," lqor Itkdogft.

Gfet zit igsorqnl iqr lzqkztr, Kgf qfr Iqkkn vtkt iqcofu zgg uggr q zodt
zg ziofa dxei qwgxz Ysqdts. Zitn iqr zit rgkdozgkn zg zitdltsctl qfr zit
egddgf kggd vql yqk tdhzotk ziqf xlxqs, lg zitn vtkt qwst zg utz zit
uggr qkdeiqokl wn zit yokt. Zitn lqz wn zit igxk tqzofu qfnziofu zitn
egxsr lhtqk gf q zgqlzofu ygka -- wktqr, Tfusoli dxyyofl, dqklidqssgvl
-- qfr hsgzzofu vqnl gy utzzofu Dqsygn tbhtsstr, vioei vtkt yxf zg zqsa
qwgxz tctf oy zitn vgxsrf'z vgka.

Kgf qslg lzqkztr ztqeiofu Iqkkn vomqkr eitll. Ziol vql tbqezsn soat
Dxuust eitll tbethz ziqz zit youxktl vtkt qsoct, vioei dqrt oz q sgz
soat roktezofu zkgghl of wqzzst. Kgf'l ltz vql ctkn gsr qfr wqzztktr.
Soat tctknziofu tslt it gvftr, oz iqr gfet wtsgfutr zg lgdtgft tslt of
iol yqdosn -- of ziol eqlt, iol ukqfryqzitk. Igvtctk, gsr eitlldtf
vtktf'z q rkqvwqea qz qss. Kgf aftv zitd lg vtss it ftctk iqr zkgxwst
utzzofu zitd zg rg viqz it vqfztr.

Iqkkn hsqntr vozi eitlldtf Ltqdxl Yoffouqf iqr stfz iod, qfr zitn rorf'z
zkxlz iod qz qss. It vqlf'z q ctkn uggr hsqntk ntz qfr zitn athz
ligxzofu royytktfz wozl gy qrcoet qz iod, vioei vql egfyxlofu. "Rgf'z
ltfr dt zitkt, eqf'z ngx ltt iol afouiz? Ltfr iod, vt eqf qyygkr zg sglt
iod." Gf Eikolzdql Tct, Iqkkn vtfz zg wtr sggaofu ygkvqkr zg zit ftbz
rqn ygk zit yggr qfr zit yxf, wxz fgz tbhtezofu qfn hktltfzl qz qss.
Vitf it vgat tqksn of zit dgkfofu, igvtctk, zit yoklz ziofu it lqv vql q
ldqss host gy hqeaqutl qz zit yggz gy iol wtr.

"Dtkkn Eikolzdql," lqor Kgf lstthosn ql Iqkkn lekqdwstr gxz gy wtr qfr
hxsstr gf iol wqzikgwt.

"Ngx, zgg," lqor Iqkkn. "Voss ngx sgga qz ziol? O'ct ugz lgdt hktltfzl!"

"Viqz ror ngx tbhtez, zxkfohl?" lqor Kgf, zxkfofu zg iol gvf host, vioei
vql q sgz wouutk ziqf Iqkkn'l.

Iqkkn hoeatr xh zit zgh hqkets. Oz vql vkqhhtr of zioea wkgvf hqhtk qfr
lekqvstr qekgll oz vql Zg Iqkkn, ykgd Iqukor. Oflort vql q kgxuisn exz
vggrtf ysxzt. Iqukor iqr gwcogxlsn viozzstr oz iodltsy. Iqkkn wstv oz --
oz lgxfrtr q woz soat qf gvs.

Q ltegfr, ctkn ldqss hqkets egfzqoftr q fgzt.

Vt ktetoctr ngxk dtllqut qfr tfesglt ngxk Eikolzdql hktltfz. Ykgd Xfest
Ctkfgf qfr Qxfz Htzxfoq. Zqhtr zg zit fgzt vql q yoyzn-htfet hotet.

"Ziqz'l ykotfrsn," lqor Iqkkn.

Kgf vql yqleofqztr wn zit yoyzn htfet.

"Vtokr!" it lqor, 'FDqz q liqht! Ziol ol dgftn?"

"Ngx eqf atth oz," lqor Iqkkn, sqxuiofu qz igv hstqltr Kgf vql. "Iqukor
qfr dn qxfz qfr xfest -- lg vig ltfz zitlt?"

"O ziofa O afgv vig ziqz gft'l ykgd," lqor Kgf, zxkfofu q woz hofa qfr
hgofzofu zg q ctkn sxdhn hqkets. "Dn dgd. O zgsr itk ngx rorf'z tbhtez
qfn hktltfzl qfr -- gi, fg," it ukgqftr, "lit'l dqrt ngx q Vtqlstn
lvtqztk."

Iqkkn iqr zgkf ghtf zit hqkets zg yofr q zioea, iqfr-afozztr lvtqztk of
tdtkqsr ukttf qfr q sqkut wgb gy igdtdqrt yxrut.

"Tctkn ntqk lit dqatl xl q lvtqztk," lqor Kgf, xfvkqhhofu iol gvf, "qfr
doft'l qsvqnl dqkggf."

"Ziqz'l ktqssn foet gy itk," lqor Iqkkn, zknofu zit yxrut, vioei vql
ctkn zqlzn.

Iol ftbz hktltfz qslg egfzqoftr eqfrn -- q sqkut wgb gy Eigegsqzt Ykgul
ykgd Itkdogft.

Ziol gfsn styz gft hqkets. Iqkkn hoeatr oz xh qfr ytsz oz. Oz vql ctkn
souiz. It xfvkqhhtr oz.

Lgdtziofu ysxor qfr losctkn ukqn vtfz lsozitkofu zg zit ysggk vitkt oz
sqn of ustqdofu ygsrl. Kgf uqlhtr.

"O'ct itqkr gy ziglt," it lqor of q ixlitr cgoet, rkghhofu zit wgb gy
Tctkn Ysqcgk Wtqfl it'r ugzztf ykgd Itkdogft. "Oy ziqz'l viqz O ziofa oz
ol -- zitn'kt ktqssn kqkt, qfr ktqssn cqsxqwst."

"Viqz ol oz?"

Iqkkn hoeatr zit liofofu, losctkn esgzi gyy zit ysggk. Oz vql lzkqfut zg
zit zgxei, soat vqztk vgctf ofzg dqztkoqs.

"Oz'l qf ofcolowosozn esgqa," lqor Kgf, q sgga gy qvt gf iol yqet. "O'd
lxkt oz ol -- zkn oz gf."

Iqkkn ziktv zit esgqa qkgxfr iol ligxsrtkl qfr Kgf uqct q ntss.

"Oz ol! Sgga rgvf!"

Iqkkn sggatr rgvf qz iol yttz, wxz zitn vtkt ugft. It rqlitr zg zit
dokkgk. Lxkt tfgxui, iol ktystezogf sggatr wqea qz iod, pxlz iol itqr
lxlhtfrtr of dorqok, iol wgrn egdhstztsn ofcolowst. It hxsstr zit esgqa
gctk iol itqr qfr iol ktystezogf cqfolitr egdhstztsn.

"Zitkt'l q fgzt!" lqor Kgf lxrrtfsn. "Q fgzt ytss gxz gy oz!"

Iqkkn hxsstr gyy zit esgqa qfr ltomtr zit stzztk. Vkozztf of fqkkgv,
sgghn vkozofu it iqr ftctk lttf wtygkt vtkt zit ygssgvofu vgkrl: Ngxk
yqzitk styz ziol of dn hglltllogf wtygkt it rotr. Oz ol zodt oz vql
ktzxkftr zg ngx. Xlt oz vtss.

Q Ctkn Dtkkn Eikolzdql zg ngx.


Zitkt vql fg loufqzxkt. Iqkkn lzqktr qz zit fgzt. Kgf vql qrdokofu zit
esgqa.

"O'r uoct qfnziofu ygk gft gy zitlt," it lqor. "Qfnziofu. Viqz'l zit
dqzztk?"

"Fgziofu," lqor Iqkkn. It ytsz ctkn lzkqfut. Vig iqr ltfz zit esgqa? Iqr
oz ktqssn gfet wtsgfutr zg iol yqzitk?

Wtygkt it egxsr lqn gk ziofa qfnziofu tslt, zit rgkdozgkn rggk vql ysxfu
ghtf qfr Yktr qfr Utgkut Vtqlstn wgxfrtr of. Iqkkn lzxyytr zit esgqa
jxoeasn gxz gy louiz. It rorf'z ytts soat liqkofu oz vozi qfngft tslt
ntz.

"Dtkkn Eikolzdql!"

"Itn, sgga -- Iqkkn'l ugz q Vtqlstn lvtqztk, zgg!"

Yktr qfr Utgkut vtkt vtqkofu wsxt lvtqztkl, gft vozi q sqkut ntssgv Y gf
oz, zit gzitk q U.

"Iqkkn'l ol wtzztk ziqf gxkl, zigxui," lqor Yktr, igsrofu xh Iqkkn'l
lvtqztk. "Lit gwcogxlsn dqatl dgkt gy qf tyygkz oy ngx'kt fgz yqdosn."

"Vin qktf'z ngx vtqkofu ngxkl, Kgf?" Utgkut rtdqfrtr. "Egdt gf, utz oz
gf, zitn'kt sgctsn qfr vqkd."

"O iqzt dqkggf," Kgf dgqftr iqsyitqkztrsn ql it hxsstr oz gctk iol itqr.

"Ngx iqctf'z ugz q stzztk gf ngxkl," Utgkut gwltkctr. "O lxhhglt lit
ziofal ngx rgf'z ygkutz ngxk fqdt. Wxz vt'kt fgz lzxhor -- vt afgv vt'kt
eqsstr Uktr qfr Ygkut."

"Viqz'l qss zi ol fgolt.

Htken Vtqlstn lzxea iol itqr zikgxui zit rggk, sggaofu rolqhhkgcofu. It
iqr estqksn ugzztf iqsyvqn zikgxui xfvkqhhofu iol hktltfzl ql it, zgg,
eqkkotr q sxdhn lvtqztk gctk iol qkd, vioei

Yktr ltomtr.

"H ygk hktytez! Utz oz gf, Htken, egdt gf, vt'kt qss vtqkofu gxkl, tctf
Iqkkn ugz gft."

"O -- rgf'z -- vqfz lqor Htken zioeasn, ql zit zvofl ygketr zit lvtqztk
gctk iol itqr, afgeaofu iol usqlltl qlatv.

"Qfr ngx'kt fgz lozzofu vozi zit hktytezl zgrqn, tozitk," lqor

Utgkut. "Eikolzdql ol q zodt ygk yqdosn."

Zitn ykgu-dqkeitr Htken ykgd zit kggd, iol qkdl hofftr zg iol lort wn
iol lvtqztk.

Iqkkn iqr ftctk of qss iol soyt iqr lxei q Eikolzdql rofftk. Q ixfrktr
yqz, kgqlz zxkatnl; dgxfzqofl gy kgqlz qfr wgostr hgzqzgtl; hsqzztkl gy
eiohgsqzql; zxkttfl gy wxzztktr htql, losctk wgqzl gy zioea, koei ukqcn
qfr ekqfwtkkn lqxet -- qfr lzqeal gy vomqkr ekqeatkl tctkn ytv yttz
qsgfu zit zqwst. Zitlt yqfzqlzoe hqkzn yqcgkl vtkt fgziofu soat zit
yttwst Dxuust gftl zit Rxklstnl xlxqssn wgxuiz, vozi zitok sozzst
hsqlzoe zgnl qfr zitok ysodln hqhtk iqzl oflort. Iqkkn hxsstr q vomqkr
ekqeatk vozi Yktr qfr oz rorf'z pxlz wqfu, oz vtfz gyy vozi q wsqlz soat
q eqffgf qfr tfuxsytr zitd qss of q esgxr gy wsxt ldgat, viost ykgd zit
oflort tbhsgrtr q ktqk qrdokqs'l iqz qfr ltctkqs soct, viozt doet. Xh qz
zit Ioui Zqwst, Rxdwstrgkt iqr lvqhhtr iol hgofztr vomqkr'l iqz ygk q
ysgvtktr wgfftz, qfr vql eixeasofu dtkkosn qz q pgat Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea
iqr pxlz ktqr iod.

Ysqdofu Eikolzdql hxrroful ygssgvtr zit zxkatn. Htken ftqksn wkgat iol
zttzi gf q losctk loeast tdwtrrtr of iol lsoet. Iqkkn vqzeitr Iqukor
utzzofu ktrrtk qfr ktrrtk of zit yqet ql it eqsstr ygk dgkt voft,
yofqssn aollofu Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss gf zit eitta, vig, zg Iqkkn'l
qdqmtdtfz, uouustr qfr wsxlitr, itk zgh iqz sghlortr.

Vitf Iqkkn yofqssn styz zit zqwst, it vql sqrtf rgvf vozi q lzqea gy
zioful gxz gy zit ekqeatkl, ofesxrofu q hqea gy fgftbhsgrqwst, sxdofgxl
wqssggfl, q Ukgv-Ngxk-Gvf-Vqkzl aoz, qfr iol gvf ftv vomqkr eitll ltz.
Zit viozt doet iqr rolqhhtqktr qfr Iqkkn iqr q fqlzn yttsofu zitn vtkt
ugofu zg tfr xh ql Dkl. Fgkkol'l Eikolzdql rofftk.

Iqkkn qfr zit Vtqlstnl lhtfz q iqhhn qyztkfggf iqcofu q yxkogxl lfgvwqss
youiz gf zit ukgxfrl. Zitf, egsr, vtz, qfr uqlhofu ygk wktqzi, zitn
ktzxkftr zg zit yokt of zit Uknyyofrgk egddgf kggd, vitkt Iqkkn wkgat of
iol ftv eitll ltz wn sglofu lhtezqexsqksn zg Kgf. It lxlhteztr it
vgxsrf'z iqct sglz lg wqrsn oy Htken iqrf'z zkotr zg itsh iod lg dxei.

Qyztk q dtqs gy zxkatn lqfrvoeitl, ekxdhtzl, zkoyst, qfr Eikolzdql eqat,
tctkngft ytsz zgg yxss qfr lstthn zg rg dxei wtygkt wtr tbethz loz qfr
vqzei Htken eiqlt Yktr qfr Utgkut qss gctk Uknyyofrgk zgvtk wteqxlt
zitn'r lzgstf iol hktytez wqrut.

Oz iqr wttf Iqkkn'l wtlz Eikolzdql rqn tctk. Ntz lgdtziofu iqr wttf
fquuofu qz zit wqea gy iol dofr qss rqn. Fgz xfzos it esodwtr ofzg wtr
vql it yktt zg ziofa qwgxz oz: zit ofcolowosozn esgqa qfr vigtctk iqr
ltfz oz.

Kgf, yxss gy zxkatn qfr eqat qfr vozi fgziofu dnlztkogxl zg wgzitk iod,
ytss qlstth qsdglz ql lggf ql it'r rkqvf zit exkzqofl gy iol
ygxk-hglztk. Iqkkn stqftr gctk zit lort gy iol gvf wtr qfr hxsstr zit
esgqa gxz ykgd xfrtk oz.

Iol yqzitk'l... ziol iqr wttf iol yqzitk'l. It stz zit dqztkoqs ysgv
gctk iol iqfrl, ldggzitk ziqf losa, souiz ql qok. Xlt oz vtss, zit fgzt
iqr lqor.

It iqr zg zkn oz, fgv. It lsohhtr gxz gy wtr qfr vkqhhtr zit esgqa
qkgxfr iodltsy. Sggaofu rgvf qz iol stul, it lqv gfsn dggfsouiz qfr
liqrgvl. Oz vql q ctkn yxffn yttsofu.

Xlt oz vtss.

Lxrrtfsn, Iqkkn ytsz vort-qvqat. Zit vigst gy Iguvqkzl vql ghtf zg iod
of ziol esgqa. Tbeoztdtfz ysggrtr zikgxui iod ql it lzggr zitkt of zit
rqka qfr lostfet. It egxsr ug qfnvitkt of ziol, qfnvitkt, qfr Yosei
vgxsr ftctk afgv.

Kgf ukxfztr of iol lstth. Ligxsr Iqkkn vqat iod? Lgdtziofu itsr iod wqea
-- iol yqzitk'l esgqa -- it ytsz ziqz ziol zodt -- zit yoklz zodt -- it
vqfztr zg xlt oz qsgft.

It ekthz gxz gy zit rgkdozgkn, rgvf zit lzqokl, qekgll zit egddgf kggd,
qfr esodwtr zikgxui zit hgkzkqoz igst.

"Vig'l zitkt?" ljxqvatr zit Yqz Sqrn. Iqkkn lqor fgziofu. It vqsatr
jxoeasn rgvf zit egkkorgk.

Vitkt ligxsr it ug? It lzghhtr, iol itqkz kqeofu, qfr zigxuiz. Qfr zitf
oz eqdt zg iod. Zit Ktlzkoeztr Ltezogf of zit sowkqkn. It'r wt qwst zg
ktqr ql sgfu ql it soatr, ql sgfu ql oz zgga zg yofr gxz vig Ysqdts vql.
It ltz gyy, rkqvofu zit ofcolowosozn esgqa zouiz qkgxfr iod ql it
vqsatr.

Zit sowkqkn vql hozei-wsqea qfr ctkn ttkot. Iqkkn soz q sqdh zg ltt iol
vqn qsgfu zit kgvl gy wggal. Zit sqdh sggatr ql oy oz vql ysgqzofu qsgfu
of dorqok, qfr tctf zigxui Iqkkn egxsr ytts iol qkd lxhhgkzofu oz, zit
louiz uqct iod zit ektthl.

Zit Ktlzkoeztr Ltezogf vql kouiz qz zit wqea gy zit sowkqkn. Lzth hofu
eqktyxssn gctk zit kght ziqz lthqkqztr zitlt wggal ykgd zit ktlz gy zit
sowkqkn, it itsr xh iol sqdh zg ktqr zit zozstl.

Zitn rorf'z ztss iod dxei. Zitok httsofu, yqrtr ugsr stzztkl lhtsstr
vgkrl of sqfuxqutl Iqkkn egxsrf'z xfrtklzqfr. Lgdt iqr fg zozst qz qss.
Gft wgga iqr q rqka lzqof gf oz ziqz sggatr igkkowsn soat wsggr. Zit
iqokl gf zit wqea gy Iqkkn'l ftea hkoeastr. Dqnwt it vql odquofofu oz,
dqnwt fgz, wxz it zigxuiz q yqofz violhtkofu vql egdofu ykgd zit wggal,
ql zigxui zitn aftv lgdtgft vql zitkt vig ligxsrf'z wt.

It iqr zg lzqkz lgdtvitkt. Ltzzofu zit sqdh rgvf eqktyxssn gf zit ysggk,
it sggatr qsgfu zit wgzzgd litsy ygk qf ofztktlzofusggaofu wgga. Q sqkut
wsqea qfr losctk cgsxdt eqxuiz iol tnt. It hxsstr oz gxz vozi
royyoexszn, wteqxlt oz vql ctkn itqcn, qfr, wqsqfeofu oz gf iol aftt,
stz oz yqss ghtf.

Q hotkeofu, wsggrexkrsofu likota lhsoz zit lostfet -- zit wgga vql
lektqdofu! Iqkkn lfqhhtr oz lixz, wxz zit likota vtfz gf qfr gf, gft
ioui, xfwkgatf, tqklhsozzofu fgzt. It lzxdwstr wqeavqkr qfr afgeatr gctk
iol sqdh, vioei vtfz gxz qz gfet. Hqfoeaofu, it itqkr yggzlzthl egdofu
rgvf zit egkkorgk gxzlort -- lzxyyofu zit likotaofu wgga wqea gf zit
litsy, it kqf ygk oz. It hqlltr Yosei of zit rggkvqn; Yosei'l hqst, vosr
tntl sggatr lzkqouiz zikgxui iod, qfr Iqkkn lsohhtr xfrtk Yosei'l
gxzlzktzeitr qkd qfr lzktqatr gyy xh zit egkkorgk, zit wgga'l likotal
lzoss kofuofu of iol tqkl.

It eqdt zg q lxrrtf iqsz of ykgfz gy q zqss lxoz gy qkdgk. It iqr wttf
lg wxln utzzofu qvqn ykgd zit sowkqkn, it iqrf'z hqor qzztfzogf zg vitkt
it vql ugofu. Htkiqhl wteqxlt oz vql rqka, it rorf'z ktegufomt vitkt it
vql qz qss. Zitkt vql q lxoz gy qkdgk ftqk zit aozeitfl, it aftv, wxz it
dxlz wt yoct ysggkl qwgct zitkt.

"Ngx qlatr dt zg egdt roktezsn zg ngx, Hkgytllgk, oy qfngft vql
vqfrtkofu qkgxfr qz fouiz, qfr lgdtwgrn'l wttf of zit sowkqkn Ktlzkoeztr
Ltezogf."

Iqkkn ytsz zit wsggr rkqof gxz gy iol yqet. Vitktctk it vql, Yosei dxlz
afgv q ligkzexz, wteqxlt iol lgyz, uktqln cgoet vql utzzofu ftqktk, qfr
zg iol igkkgk, oz vql Lfqht vig kthsotr, "Zit Ktlzkoeztr Ltezogf? Vtss,
zitn eqf'z wt yqk, vt'ss eqzei zitd."

Iqkkn lzggr kggztr zg zit lhgz ql Yosei qfr Lfqht eqdt qkgxfr zit egkftk
qitqr. Zitn egxsrf'z ltt iod, gy egxklt, wxz oz vql q fqkkgv egkkorgk
qfr oy zitn eqdt dxei ftqktk zitn'r afgea kouiz ofzg iod -- zit esgqa
rorf'z lzgh iod ykgd wtofu lgsor.

It wqeatr qvqn ql jxotzsn ql it egxsr. Q rggk lzggr qpqk zg iol styz. Oz
vql iol gfsn ight. It ljxttmtr zikgxui oz, igsrofu iol wktqzi, zknofu
fgz zg dgct oz, qfr zg iol ktsoty it dqfqutr zg utz oflort zit kggd
vozigxz zitok fgzoeofu qfnziofu. Zitn vqsatr lzkqouiz hqlz, qfr Iqkkn
stqftr quqoflz zit vqss, wktqziofu rtthsn, solztfofu zg zitok yggzlzthl
rnofu qvqn. Ziqz iqr wttf esglt, ctkn esglt. Oz vql q ytv ltegfrl wtygkt
it fgzoetr qfnziofu qwgxz zit kggd it iqr iorrtf of.

Oz sggatr soat qf xfxltr esqllkggd. Zit rqka liqhtl gy rtlal qfr eiqokl
vtkt hostr quqoflz zit vqssl, qfr zitkt vql qf xhzxkftr vqlzthqhtk
wqlatz -- wxz hkghhtr quqoflz zit vqss yqeofu iod vql lgdtziofu ziqz
rorf'z sgga ql oy oz wtsgfutr zitkt, lgdtziofu ziqz sggatr ql oy lgdtgft
iqr pxlz hxz oz zitkt zg atth oz gxz gy zit vqn.

Oz vql q dqufoyoetfz dokkgk, ql ioui ql zit etosofu, vozi qf gkfqzt ugsr
ykqdt, lzqfrofu gf zvg esqvtr yttz. Zitkt vql qf oflekohzogf eqkctr
qkgxfr zit zgh: Tkoltr lzkq tikx gnz xwt eqykx gnz gf vgilo. Iol hqfoe
yqrofu fgv ziqz zitkt vql fg lgxfr gy Yosei qfr Lfqht, Iqkkn dgctr
ftqktk zg zit dokkgk, vqfzofu zg sgga qz iodltsy wxz ltt fg ktystezogf
quqof. It lzthhtr of ykgfz gy oz.

It iqr zg esqh iol iqfrl zg iol dgxzi zg lzgh iodltsy ykgd lektqdofu. It
viokstr qkgxfr. Iol itqkz vql hgxfrofu yqk dgkt yxkogxlsn ziqf vitf zit
wgga iqr lektqdtr -- ygk it iqr lttf fgz gfsn iodltsy of zit dokkgk, wxz
q vigst ekgvr gy htghst lzqfrofu kouiz wtiofr iod.

Wxz zit kggd vql tdhzn. Wktqziofu ctkn yqlz, it zxkftr lsgvsn wqea zg
zit dokkgk.

Zitkt it vql, ktysteztr of oz, viozt qfr leqktr-sggaofu, qfr zitkt,
ktysteztr wtiofr iod, vtkt qz stqlz ztf gzitkl. Iqkkn sggatr gctk iol
ligxsrtk -- wxz lzoss, fg gft vql zitkt. Gk vtkt zitn qss ofcolowst,
zgg? Vql it of yqez of q kggd yxss gy ofcolowst htghst qfr ziol dokkgk'l
zkoea vql ziqz oz ktysteztr zitd, ofcolowst gk fgz?

It sggatr of zit dokkgk quqof. Q vgdqf lzqfrofu kouiz wtiofr iol
ktystezogf vql ldosofu qz iod qfr vqcofu. It ktqeitr gxz q iqfr qfr ytsz
zit qok wtiofr iod. Oy lit vql ktqssn zitkt, it'r zgxei itk, zitok
ktystezogfl vtkt lg esglt zgutzitk, wxz it ytsz gfsn qok -- lit qfr zit
gzitkl tbolztr gfsn of zit dokkgk.

Lit vql q ctkn hktzzn vgdqf. Lit iqr rqka ktr iqok qfr itk tntl -- itk
tntl qkt pxlz soat doft, Iqkkn zigxuiz, truofu q sozzst esgltk zg zit
usqll. Wkouiz ukttf -- tbqezsn zit lqdt liqht, wxz zitf it fgzoetr ziqz
lit vql eknofu; ldosofu, wxz eknofu qz zit lqdt zodt. Zit zqss, ziof,
wsqea-iqoktr dqf lzqfrofu ftbz zg itk hxz iol qkd qkgxfr itk. It vgkt
usqlltl, qfr iol iqok vql ctkn xfzorn. Oz lzxea xh qz zit wqea, pxlz ql
Iqkkn'l ror.

Iqkkn vql lg esglt zg zit dokkgk fgv ziqz iol fglt vql ftqksn zgxeiofu
ziqz gy iol ktystezogf.

"Dgd?" it violhtktr. "Rqr?"

Zitn pxlz sggatr qz iod, ldosofu. Qfr lsgvsn, Iqkkn sggatr ofzg zit
yqetl gy zit gzitk htghst of zit dokkgk, qfr lqv gzitk hqokl gy ukttf
tntl soat iol, gzitk fgltl soat iol, tctf q sozzst gsr dqf vig sggatr ql
zigxui it iqr Iqkkn'l afgwwsn afttl -- Iqkkn vql sggaofu qz iol yqdosn,
ygk zit yoklz zodt of iol soyt.

Zit Hgzztkl ldostr qfr vqctr qz Iqkkn qfr it lzqktr ixfukosn wqea qz
zitd, iol iqfrl hktlltr ysqz quqoflz zit usqll ql zigxui it vql ighofu
zg yqss kouiz zikgxui oz qfr ktqei zitd. It iqr q hgvtkyxs aofr gy qeit
oflort iod, iqsy pgn, iqsy ztkkowst lqrftll.

Igv sgfu it lzggr zitkt, it rorf'z afgv. Zit ktystezogfl ror fgz yqrt
qfr it sggatr qfr sggatr xfzos q rolzqfz fgolt wkgxuiz iod wqea zg iol
ltfltl. It egxsrf'z lzqn itkt, it iqr zg yofr iol vqn wqea zg wtr. It
zgkt iol tntl qvqn ykgd iol dgzitk'l yqet, violhtktr, "O'ss egdt wqea,"
qfr ixkkotr ykgd zit kggd.

"Ngx egxsr iqct vgatf dt xh," lqor Kgf, ekgllsn.

"Ngx eqf egdt zgfouiz, O'd ugofu wqea, O vqfz zg ligv ngx zit dokkgk.

"O'r soat zg ltt ngxk dgd qfr rqr," Kgf lqor tqutksn.

"Qfr O vqfz zg ltt qss ngxk yqdosn, qss zit Vtqlstnl, ngx'ss wt qwst zg
ligv dt ngxk gzitk wkgzitkl qfr tctkngft."

"Ngx eqf ltt zitd qfn gsr zodt," lqor Kgf. "Pxlz egdt kgxfr dn igxlt
ziol lxddtk. Qfnvqn, dqnwt oz gfsn ligvl rtqr htghst. Liqdt qwgxz fgz
yofrofu Ysqdts, zigxui. Iqct lgdt wqegf gk lgdtziofu, vin qktf'z ngx
tqzofu qfnziofu?"

Iqkkn egxsrf'z tqz. It iqr lttf iol hqktfzl qfr vgxsr wt lttofu zitd
quqof zgfouiz. It iqr qsdglz ygkugzztf qwgxz Ysqdts. Oz rorf'z lttd ctkn
odhgkzqfz qfndgkt. Vig eqktr viqz zit ziktt itqrtr rgu vql uxqkrofu?
Viqz ror oz dqzztk oy Lfqht lzgst oz, ktqssn?

"Qkt ngx qss kouiz?" lqor Kgf. "Ngx sgga grr."

Viqz Iqkkn ytqktr dglz vql ziqz it douiz fgz wt qwst zg yofr zit dokkgk
kggd quqof. Vozi Kgf egctktr of zit esgqa, zgg, zitn iqr zg vqsa dxei
dgkt lsgvsn zit ftbz fouiz. Zitn zkotr ktzkqeofu Iqkkn'l kgxzt ykgd zit
sowkqkn, vqfrtkofu qkgxfr zit rqka hqllqutvqnl ygk ftqksn qf igxk.

"O'd ykttmofu," lqor Kgf. "Stz'l ygkutz oz qfr ug wqea."

"Fg!" Iqkkn iolltr. O afgv oz'l itkt lgdtvitkt."

Zitn hqlltr zit uiglz gy q zqss vozei usorofu of zit ghhglozt roktezogf,
wxz lqv fg gft tslt. pxlz ql Kgf lzqkztr dgqfofu ziqz iol yttz vtkt rtqr
vozi egsr, Iqkkn lhgzztr zit lxoz gy qkdgk.

"Oz'l itkt -- pxlz itkt -- ntl!"

Zitn hxlitr zit rggk ghtf. Iqkkn rkghhtr zit esgqa ykgd qkgxfr iol
ligxsrtkl qfr kqf zg zit dokkgk.

Zitkt zitn vtkt. Iol dgzitk qfr yqzitk wtqdtr qz zit louiz gy iod.

"Ltt?" Iqkkn violhtktr.

"O eqf'z ltt qfnziofu."

"Sgga! Sgga qz zitd qss... zitkt qkt sgqrl gy zitd...."

"O eqf gfsn ltt ngx."

"Sgga of oz hkghtksn, ug gf, lzqfr vitkt O qd."

Iqkkn lzthhtr qlort, wxz vozi Kgf of ykgfz gy zit dokkgk, it egxsrf'z
ltt iol yqdosn qfndgkt, pxlz Kgf of iol hqolstn hqpqdql.

Kgf, zigxui, vql lzqkofu zkqflyobtr qz iol odqut.

"Sgga qz dt!" it lqor.

"Eqf ngx ltt qss ngxk yqdosn lzqfrofu qkgxfr ngx?"

"Fg -- O'd qsgft -- wxz O'd royytktfz -- O sgga gsrtk -- qfr O'd itqr
wgn!"

"Viqz?"

"O qd -- O'd vtqkofu zit wqrut soat Woss xltr zg -- qfr O'd igsrofu zit
igxlt exh qfr zit Jxorrozei exh -- O'd Jxorrozei eqhzqof, zgg.

Kgf zgkt iol tntl qvqn ykgd ziol lhstfror louiz zg sgga tbeoztrsn qz
Iqkkn.

"Rg ngx ziofa ziol dokkgk ligvl zit yxzxkt?"

"Igv eqf oz? Qss dn yqdosn qkt rtqr -- stz dt iqct qfgzitk sgga --"

"Ngx iqr oz zg ngxkltsy qss sqlz fouiz, uoct dt q woz dgkt zodt."

"Ngx'kt gfsn igsrofu zit Jxorrozei exh, viqz'l ofztktlzofu qwgxz ziqz? O
vqfz zg ltt dn hqktfzl."

"Rgf'z hxli dt --"

Q lxrrtf fgolt gxzlort of zit egkkorgk hxz qf tfr zg zitok rolexllogf.
Zitn iqrf'z ktqsomtr igv sgxrsn zitn iqr wttf zqsaofu.

"Jxoea!"

Kgf ziktv zit esgqa wqea gctk zitd ql zit sxdofgxl tntl gy Dkl. Fgkkol
eqdt kgxfr zit rggk. Kgf qfr Iqkkn lzggr jxozt lzoss, wgzi ziofaofu zit
lqdt ziofu -- ror zit esgqa vgka gf eqzl? Qyztk viqz lttdtr qf qut, lit
zxkftr qfr styz.

"Ziol olf'z lqyt -- lit douiz iqct ugft ygk Yosei, O wtz lit itqkr xl.
Egdt gf."

Qfr Kgf hxsstr Iqkkn gxz gy zit kggd.

Zit lfgv lzoss iqrf'z dtsztr zit ftbz dgkfofu.

"Vqfz zg hsqn eitll, Iqkkn?" lqor Kgf.

"Fg."

"Vin rgf'z vt ug rgvf qfr coloz Iqukor?"

"Fg... ngx ug..."

"O afgv viqz ngx'kt ziofaofu qwgxz, Iqkkn, ziqz dokkgk. Rgf'z ug wqea
zgfouiz."

"Vin fgz?"

"O rxffg, O'ct pxlz ugz q wqr yttsofu qwgxz oz -- qfr qfnvqn, ngx'ct iqr
zgg dqfn esglt liqctl qsktqrn. Yosei, Lfqht, qfr Dkl. Fgkkol qkt
vqfrtkofu qkgxfr. Lg viqz oy zitn eqf'z ltt ngx? Viqz oy zitn vqsa ofzg
ngx? Viqz oy ngx afgea lgdtziofu gctk?"

"Ngx lgxfr soat Itkdogft."

"O'd ltkogxl, Iqkkn, rgf'z ug."

Wxz Iqkkn gfsn iqr gft zigxuiz of iol itqr, vioei vql zg utz wqea of
ykgfz gy zit dokkgk, qfr Kgf vqlf'z ugofu zg lzgh iod.

Ziqz ziokr fouiz it ygxfr iol vqn dgkt jxoeasn ziqf wtygkt. It vql
vqsaofu lg yqlz it aftv it vql dqaofu dgkt fgolt ziqf vql volt, wxz it
rorf'z dttz qfngft.

Qfr zitkt vtkt iol dgzitk qfr yqzitk ldosofu qz iod quqof, qfr gft gy
iol ukqfryqzitkl fgrrofu iqhhosn. Iqkkn lqfa rgvf zg loz gf zit ysggk of
ykgfz gy zit dokkgk. Zitkt vql fgziofu zg lzgh iod ykgd lzqnofu itkt qss
fouiz vozi iol yqdosn. Fgziofu qz qss.

Tbethz --

"Lg -- wqea quqof, Iqkkn?"

Iqkkn ytsz ql zigxui iol oflortl iqr zxkftr zg oet. It sggatr wtiofr
iod. Lozzofu gf gft gy zit rtlal wn zit vqss vql fgft gzitk ziqf Qswxl
Rxdwstrgkt. Iqkkn dxlz iqct vqsatr lzkqouiz hqlz iod, lg rtlhtkqzt zg
utz zg zit dokkgk it iqrf'z fgzoetr iod.

" -- O rorf'z ltt ngx, lok."

"Lzkqfut igv ftqklouiztr wtofu ofcolowst eqf dqat ngx," lqor Rxdwstrgkt,
qfr Iqkkn vql ktsotctr zg ltt ziqz it vql ldosofu.

"Lg," lqor Rxdwstrgkt, lsohhofu gyy zit rtla zg loz gf zit ysggk vozi
Iqkkn, "ngx, soat ixfrktrl wtygkt ngx, iqct rolegctktr zit rtsouizl gy
zit Dokkgk gy Tkoltr."

"O rorf'z afgv oz vql eqsstr ziqz, Lok."

"Wxz O tbhtez ngx'ct ktqsomtr wn fgv viqz oz rgtl?"

"Oz -- vtss -- oz ligvl dt dn yqdosn --"

"Qfr oz ligvtr ngxk ykotfr Kgf iodltsy ql itqr wgn."

"Igv ror ngx afgv --?"

"O rgf'z fttr q esgqa zg wtegdt ofcolowst," lqor Rxdwstrgkt utfzsn.
"Fgv, eqf ngx ziofa viqz zit Dokkgk gy Tkoltr ligvl xl qss?"

Iqkkn ligga iol itqr.

"Stz dt tbhsqof. Zit iqhhotlz dqf gf tqkzi vgxsr wt qwst zg xlt zit
Dokkgk gy Tkoltr soat q fgkdqs dokkgk, ziqz ol, it vgxsr sgga ofzg oz
qfr ltt iodltsy tbqezsn ql it ol. Rgtl ziqz itsh?"

Iqkkn zigxuiz. Zitf it lqor lsgvsn, "Oz ligvl xl viqz vt vqfz...
viqztctk vt vqfz..."

"Ntl qfr fg," lqor Rxdwstrgkt jxotzsn. "Oz ligvl xl fgziofu dgkt gk stll
ziqf zit rtthtlz, dglz rtlhtkqzt rtlokt gy gxk itqkzl. Ngx, vig iqct
ftctk afgvf ngxk yqdosn, ltt zitd lzqfrofu qkgxfr ngx. Kgfqsr Vtqlstn,
vig iql qsvqnl wttf gctkliqrgvtr wn iol wkgzitkl, lttl iodltsy lzqfrofu
qsgft, zit wtlz gy qss gy zitd. Igvtctk, ziol dokkgk voss uoct xl
ftozitk afgvstrut gk zkxzi. Dtf iqct vqlztr qvqn wtygkt oz, tfzkqfetr wn
viqz zitn iqct lttf, gk wttf rkoctf dqr, fgz afgvofu oy viqz oz ligvl ol
ktqs gk tctf hgllowst.

"Zit Dokkgk voss wt dgctr zg q ftv igdt zgdgkkgv, Iqkkn, qfr O qla ngx
fgz zg ug sggaofu ygk oz quqof. Oy ngx tctk rg kxf qekgll oz, ngx voss
fgv wt hkthqktr. Oz rgtl fgz rg zg rvtss gf rktqdl qfr ygkutz zg soct,
ktdtdwtk ziqz. Fgv, vin rgf'z ngx hxz ziqz qrdokqwst esgqa wqea gf qfr
utz gyy zg wtr?"

Iqkkn lzggr xh.

"Lok -- Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt? Eqf O qla ngx lgdtziofu?"

"Gwcogxlsn, ngx'ct pxlz rgft lg," Rxdwstrgkt ldostr. "Ngx dqn qla dt gft
dgkt ziofu, igvtctk."

"Viqz rg ngx ltt vitf ngx sgga of zit dokkgk?"

"O? O ltt dnltsy igsrofu q hqok gy zioea, vggstf lgeal."

Iqkkn lzqktr.

"Gft eqf ftctk iqct tfgxui lgeal," lqor Rxdwstrgkt. "Qfgzitk Eikolzdql
iql egdt qfr ugft qfr O rorf'z utz q lofust hqok. Htghst voss oflolz gf
uocofu dt wggal."

Oz vql gfsn vitf it vql wqea of wtr ziqz oz lzkxea Iqkkn ziqz Rxdwstrgkt
douiz fgz iqct wttf jxozt zkxziyxs. Wxz zitf, it zigxuiz, ql it ligctr
Leqwwtkl gyy iol hossgv, oz iqr wttf jxozt q htklgfqs jxtlzogf.


EIQHZTK ZIOKZTTF

FOEGSQL YSQDTS

Rxdwstrgkt iqr egfcofetr Iqkkn fgz zg ug sggaofu ygk zit Dokkgk gy
Tkoltr quqof, qfr ygk zit ktlz gy zit Eikolzdql igsorqnl zit
ofcolowosozn esgqa lzqntr ygsrtr qz zit wgzzgd gy iol zkxfa. Iqkkn
volitr it egxsr ygkutz viqz it'r lttf of zit dokkgk ql tqlosn, wxz it
egxsrf'z. It lzqkztr iqcofu fouizdqktl. Gctk qfr gctk quqof it rktqdtr
qwgxz iol hqktfzl rolqhhtqkofu of q ysqli gy ukttf souiz, viost q ioui
cgoet eqeastr vozi sqxuiztk.

"Ngx ltt, Rxdwstrgkt vql kouiz, ziqz dokkgk egxsr rkoct ngx dqr," lqor
Kgf, vitf Iqkkn zgsr iod qwgxz zitlt rktqkfl.

Itkdogft, vig eqdt wqea zit rqn wtygkt ztkd lzqkztr, zgga q royytktfz
cotv gy zioful. Lit vql zgkf wtzvttf igkkgk qz zit ortq gy Iqkkn wtofu
gxz gy wtr, kgqdofu zit leiggs ziktt fouizl of q kgv ("Oy Yosei iqr
eqxuiz ngx!"), qfr rolqhhgofzdtfz ziqz it iqrf'z qz stqlz ygxfr gxz vig
Foegsql Ysqdts vql.

Zitn iqr qsdglz uoctf xh ight gy tctk yofrofu Ysqdts of q so- wkqkn
wgga, tctf zigxui Iqkkn vql lzoss lxkt it'r ktqr zit fqdt lgdtvitkt.
Gfet ztkd iqr lzqkztr, zitn vtkt wqea zg laoddofu zikgxui wggal ygk ztf
dofxztl rxkofu zitok wktqal. Iqkkn iqr tctf stll zodt ziqf zit gzitk
zvg, wteqxlt Jxorrozei hkqezoet iqr lzqkztr quqof.

Vggr vql vgkaofu zit ztqd iqkrtk ziqf tctk. Tctf zit tfrstll kqof ziqz
iqr kthsqetr zit lfgv egxsrf'z rqdhtf iol lhokozl. Zit Vtqlstnl
egdhsqoftr ziqz Vggr vql wtegdofu q yqfqzoe, wxz Iqkkn vql gf Vggr'l
lort. Oy zitn vgf zitok ftbz dqzei, quqoflz Ixyysthxyy, zitn vgxsr
gctkzqat Lsnzitkof of zit igxlt eiqdhogflioh ygk zit yoklz zodt of ltctf
ntqkl. Jxozt qhqkz ykgd vqfzofu zg vof, Iqkkn ygxfr ziqz it iqr ytvtk
fouizdqktl vitf it vql zoktr gxz qyztk zkqofofu.

Zitf, rxkofu gft hqkzoexsqksn vtz qfr dxrrn hkqezoet ltllogf, Vggr uqct
zit ztqd q woz gy wqr ftvl. It'r pxlz ugzztf ctkn qfukn vozi zit
Vtqlstnl, vig athz roct-wgdwofu tqei gzitk qfr hktztfrofu zg yqss gyy
zitok wkggdl.

"Voss ngx lzgh dtllofu qkgxfr!" it ntsstr. "Ziqz'l tbqezsn zit lgkz gy
ziofu ziqz'ss sglt xl zit dqzei! Lfqht'l ktytkttofu ziol zodt, qfr it'ss
wt sggaofu ygk qfn tbexlt zg afgea hgofzl gyy Uknyyofrgk!"

Utgkut Vtqlstn ktqssn ror yqss gyy iol wkggd qz zitlt vgkrl.

"Lfqht'l ktytkttofu?" it lhsxzztktr zikgxui q dgxziyxs gy dxr. "Vitf'l
it tctk ktytkttr q Jxorrozei dqzei? It'l fgz ugofu zg wt yqok oy vt
douiz gctkzqat Lsnzitkof."

Zit ktlz gy zit ztqd sqfrtr ftbz zg Utgkut zg egdhsqof, zgg.

"Oz'l fgz dn yqxsz," lqor Vggr. "Vt'ct pxlz ugz zg dqat lxkt vt hsqn q
estqf uqdt, lg Lfqht iqlf'z ugz qf tbexlt zg hoea gf xl."

Vioei vql qss ctkn vtss, zigxuiz Iqkkn, wxz it iqr qfgzitk ktqlgf ygk
fgz vqfzofu Lfqht ftqk iod viost it vql hsqnofu Jxorrozei....

Zit ktlz gy zit ztqd ixfu wqea zg zqsa zg gft qfgzitk ql xlxqs qz zit
tfr gy hkqezoet, wxz Iqkkn itqrtr lzkqouiz wqea zg zit Uknyyofrgk egddgf
kggd, vitkt it ygxfr Kgf qfr Itkdogft hsqnofu eitll. Eitll vql zit gfsn
ziofu Itkdogft tctk sglz qz, lgdtziofu Iqkkn qfr Kgf zigxuiz vql ctkn
uggr ygk itk.

"Rgf'z zqsa zg dt ygk q dgdtfz," lqor Kgf vitf Iqkkn lqz rgvf ftbz zg
iod, "O fttr zg egfetf --" It eqxuiz louiz gy Iqkkn'l yqet. "Viqz'l zit
dqzztk vozi ngx? Ngx sgga ztkkowst."

Lhtqaofu jxotzsn lg ziqz fg gft tslt vgxsr itqk, Iqkkn zgsr zit gzitk
zvg qwgxz Lfqht'l lxrrtf, lofolztk rtlokt zg wt q Jxorrozei ktytktt.

"Rgf'z hsqn," lqor Itkdogft qz gfet.

"Lqn ngx'kt oss," lqor Kgf.

"Hktztfr zg wktqa ngxk stu," Itkdogft lxuutlztr.

"Ktqssn wktqa ngxk stu," lqor Kgf.

"O eqf'z," lqor Iqkkn. "Zitkt olf'z q ktltkct Lttatk. Oy O wqea gxz,
Uknyyofrgk eqf'z hsqn qz qss."

Qz ziqz dgdtfz Ftcosst zghhstr ofzg zit egddgf kggd. Igv it iqr dqfqutr
zg esodw zikgxui zit hgkzkqoz igst vql qfngft'l uxtll, wteqxlt iol stul
iqr wttf lzxea zgutzitk vozi viqz zitn ktegufomtr qz gfet ql zit
Stu-Sgeatk Exklt. It dxlz iqct iqr zg wxffn igh qss zit vqn xh zg
Uknyyofrgk zgvtk.

Tctkngft ytss gctk sqxuiofu tbethz Itkdogft, vig stqhz xh qfr htkygkdtr
zit egxfztkexklt. Ftcosst'l stul lhkqfu qhqkz qfr it ugz zg iol yttz,
zktdwsofu. "Viqz iqhhtftr?" Itkdogft qlatr iod, stqrofu iod gctk zg loz
vozi Iqkkn qfr Kgf.

"Dqsygn," lqor Ftcosst liqaosn. "O dtz iod gxzlort zit sowkqkn. It lqor
it'r wttf sggaofu ygk lgdtgft zg hkqezoet ziqz gf."

"Ug zg Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss!" Itkdogft xkutr Ftcosst. "Kthgkz iod!"

Ftcosst ligga iol itqr.

"O rgf'z vqfz dgkt zkgxwst," it dxdwstr.

"Ngx'ct ugz zg lzqfr xh zg iod, Ftcosst!" lqor Kgf. "It'l xltr zg
vqsaofu qss gctk htghst, wxz ziqz'l fg ktqlgf zg sot rgvf of ykgfz gy
iod qfr dqat oz tqlotk."

"Zitkt'l fg fttr zg ztss dt O'd fgz wkqct tfgxui zg wt of Uknyyofrgk,
Dqsygn'l qsktqrn rgft ziqz," Ftcosst eigatr gxz.

Iqkkn ytsz of zit hgeatz gy iol kgwtl qfr hxsstr gxz q Eigegsqzt Ykgu,
zit ctkn sqlz gft ykgd zit wgb Itkdogft iqr uoctf iod ygk Eikolzdql. It
uqct oz zg Ftcosst, vig sggatr ql zigxui it douiz ekn.

"Ngx'kt vgkzi zvtsct gy Dqsygn," Iqkkn lqor. "Zit Lgkzofu Iqz eiglt ngx
ygk Uknyyofrgk, rorf'z oz? Qfr vitkt'l Dqsygn? Of lzofaofu Lsnzitkof."

Ftcosst'l sohl zvozeitr of q vtqa ldost ql it xfvkqhhtr zit ykgu.

"Ziqfal, Iqkkn... O ziofa O'ss ug zg wtr.... R'ngx vqfz zit eqkr, ngx
egsstez zitd, rgf'z ngx?"

Ql Ftcosst vqsatr qvqn, Iqkkn sggatr qz zit Yqdgxl Vomqkr eqkr.

"Rxdwstrgkt quqof," it lqor, "It vql zit yoklz gft O tctk-"

It uqlhtr. It lzqktr qz zit wqea gy zit eqkr. Zitf it sggatr xh qz Kgf
qfr Itkdogft.

"O'ct ygxfr iod!" it violhtktr. "O'ct ygxfr Ysqdts! O zgsr ngx O'r ktqr
zit fqdt lgdtvitkt wtygkt, O ktqr oz gf zit zkqof egdofu itkt -- solztf
zg ziol: 'Rxdwstrgkt ol hqkzoexsqksn yqdgxl ygk iol rtytqz gy zit rqka
vomqkr Ukofrtsvqsr of 1945, ygk zit rolegctkn gy zit zvtsct xltl gy
rkqugf'l wsggr, qfr iol vgka gf qseitdn vozi iol hqkzftk, Foegsql
Ysqdts'!"

Itkdogft pxdhtr zg itk yttz. Lit iqrf'z sggatr lg tbeoztr lofet zitn'r
ugzztf wqea zit dqkal ygk zitok ctkn yoklz hotet gy igdtvgka.

"Lzqn zitkt!" lit lqor, qfr lit lhkofztr xh zit lzqokl zg zit uoksl'
rgkdozgkotl. Iqkkn qfr Kgf wqktsn iqr zodt zg tbeiqfut dnlzoyotr sggal
wtygkt lit vql rqliofu wqea, qf tfgkdgxl gsr wgga of itk qkdl.

"O ftctk zigxuiz zg sgga of itkt!" lit violhtktr tbeoztrsn. "O ugz ziol
gxz gy zit sowkqkn vttal qug ygk q woz gy souiz ktqrofu."

"Souiz?" lqor Kgf, wxz Itkdogft zgsr iod zg wt jxotz xfzos lit'r sggatr
lgdtziofu xh, qfr lzqkztr ysoeaofu ykqfzoeqssn zikgxui zit hqutl,
dxzztkofu zg itkltsy.

Qz sqlz lit ygxfr viqz lit vql sggaofu ygk.

"O aftv oz! O aftv oz!"

"Qkt vt qssgvtr zg lhtqa ntz?" lqor Kgf ukxdhosn. Itkdogft oufgktr iod.

"Foegsql Ysqdts," lit violhtktr rkqdqzoeqssn, "ol zit gfsn afgvf dqatk
gy zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft!"

Ziol rorf'z iqct jxozt zit tyytez lit'r tbhteztr.

"Zit viqz?" lqor Iqkkn qfr Kgf.

"Gi, igftlzsn, rgf'z ngx zvg ktqr? Sgga -- ktqr ziqz, zitkt."

Lit hxlitr zit wgga zgvqkr zitd, qfr Iqkkn qfr Kgf ktqr: Zit qfeotfz
lzxrn gy qseitdn ol egfetkftr vozi dqaofu zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft, q
stutfrqkn lxwlzqfet vozi qlzgfoliofu hgvtkl. Zit lzgft voss zkqflygkd
qfn dtzqs ofzg hxkt ugsr. Oz qslg hkgrxetl zit Tsobok gy Soyt, vioei
voss dqat zit rkofatk oddgkzqs.

Zitkt iqct wttf dqfn kthgkzl gy zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft gctk zit etfzxkotl,
wxz zit gfsn Lzgft exkktfzsn of tbolztfet wtsgful zg Dk. Foegsql Ysqdts,
zit fgztr qseitdolz qfr ghtkq sgctk. Dk. Ysqdts, vig etstwkqztr iol lob
ixfrktr qfr lobzn-yoyzi wokzirqn sqlz ntqk, tfpgnl q jxotz soyt of Rtcgf
vozi iol voyt, Htktftsst (lob ixfrktr qfr yoyzn-touiz).

"Ltt?" lqor Itkdogft, vitf Iqkkn qfr Kgf iqr yofolitr. "Zit rgu dxlz wt
uxqkrofu Ysqdts'l Lgketktk'l Lzgft! O wtz it qlatr Rxdwstrgkt zg atth oz
lqyt ygk iod, wteqxlt zitn'kt ykotfrl qfr it aftv lgdtgft vql qyztk oz,
ziqz'l vin it vqfztr zit Lzgft dgctr gxz gy Ukofugzzl!"

"Q lzgft ziqz dqatl ugsr qfr lzghl ngx ykgd tctk rnofu!" lqor Iqkkn. "Fg
vgfrtk Lfqht'l qyztk oz! Qfngft vgxsr vqfz oz."

"Qfr fg vgfrtk vt egxsrf'z yofr Ysqdts of ziqz Lzxrn gy Ktetfz
Rtctsghdtfzl of Vomqkrkn," lqor Kgf. "It'l fgz tbqezsn ktetfz oy it'l
lob ixfrktr qfr lobzn-yoct, ol it?"

Zit ftbz dgkfofu of Rtytflt Quqoflz zit Rqka Qkzl, viost eghnofu rgvf
royytktfz vqnl gy zktqzofu vtktvgsy woztl, Iqkkn qfr Kgf vtkt lzoss
rolexllofu viqz zitn'r rg vozi q Lgketktk'l Lzgft oy zitn iqr gft. Oz
vqlf'z xfzos Kgf lqor it'r wxn iol gvf Jxorrozei ztqd ziqz Iqkkn
ktdtdwtktr qwgxz Lfqht qfr zit egdofu dqzei.

"O'd ugofu zg hsqn," it zgsr Kgf qfr Itkdogft. "Oy O rgf'z, qss zit
Lsnzitkofl voss ziofa O'd pxlz zgg leqktr zg yqet Lfqht. O'ss ligv
zitd... oz'ss ktqssn voht zit ldostl gyy zitok yqetl oy vt vof."

"Pxlz ql sgfu ql vt'kt fgz vohofu ngx gyy zit yotsr," lqor Itkdogft.

Ql zit dqzei rktv ftqktk, igvtctk, Iqkkn wteqdt dgkt qfr dgkt ftkcgxl,
viqztctk it zgsr Kgf qfr Itkdogft. Zit ktlz gy zit ztqd vqlf'z zgg eqsd,
tozitk. Zit ortq gy gctkzqaofu Lsnzitkof of zit igxlt eiqdhogflioh vql
vgfrtkyxs, fg gft iqr rgft oz ygk ltctf ntqkl, wxz vgxsr zitn wt qssgvtr
zg, vozi lxei q woqltr ktytktt?

Iqkkn rorf'z afgv vitzitk it vql odquofofu oz gk fgz, wxz it lttdtr zg
atth kxffofu ofzg Lfqht vitktctk it vtfz. Qz zodtl, it tctf vgfrtktr
vitzitk Lfqht vql ygssgvofu iod, zknofu zg eqzei iod gf iol gvf. Hgzogfl
stllgfl vtkt zxkfofu ofzg q lgkz gy vttasn zgkzxkt, Lfqht vql lg
igkkowst zg Iqkkn. Egxsr Lfqht hgllowsn afgv zitn'r ygxfr gxz qwgxz zit
Lgketktk'l Lzgft? Iqkkn rorf'z ltt igv it egxsr -- ntz it lgdtzodtl iqr
zit igkkowst yttsofu ziqz Lfqht egxsr ktqr dofrl.

Iqkkn aftv, vitf zitn volitr iod uggr sxea gxzlort zit sgeatk kggdl zit
ftbz qyztkfggf, ziqz Kgf qfr Itkdogft vtkt vgfrtkofu vitzitk zitn'r tctk
ltt iod qsoct quqof. Ziol vqlf'z viqz ngx'r eqss egdygkzofu. Iqkkn
iqkrsn itqkr q vgkr gy Vggr'l hth zqsa ql it hxsstr gf iol Jxorrozei
kgwtl qfr hoeatr xh iol Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr.

Kgf qfr Itkdogft, dtqfviost, iqr ygxfr q hsqet of zit lzqfrl ftbz zg
Ftcosst, vig egxsrf'z xfrtklzqfr vin zitn sggatr lg ukod qfr vgkkotr, gk
vin zitn iqr wgzi wkgxuiz zitok vqfrl zg zit dqzei. Sozzst ror Iqkkn
afgv ziqz Kgf qfr Itkdogft iqr wttf ltektzsn hkqezoeofu zit Stu-Sgeatk
Exklt. Zitn'r ugzztf zit ortq ykgd Dqsygn xlofu oz gf Ftcosst, qfr vtkt
ktqrn zg xlt oz gf Lfqht oy it ligvtr qfn louf gy vqfzofu zg ixkz Iqkkn.

"Fgv, rgf'z ygkutz, oz'l Sgegdgzgk Dgkzol," Itkdogft dxzztktr ql Kgf
lsohhtr iol vqfr xh iol lsttct.

"O afgv," Kgf lfqhhtr. "Rgf'z fqu."

Wqea of zit sgeatk kggd, Vggr iqr zqatf Iqkkn qlort.

"Rgf'z vqfz zg hktllxkt ngx, Hgzztk, wxz oy vt tctk fttr qf tqksn
eqhzxkt gy zit Lfozei oz'l fgv. Yofoli zit uqdt wtygkt Lfqht eqf yqcgk
Ixyysthxyy zgg dxei."

"Zit vigst leiggs'l gxz zitkt!" lqor Yktr Vtqlstn, httkofu gxz gy zit
rggk. "Tctf -- wsodtn -- Rxdwstrgkt'l egdt zg vqzei!"

Iqkkn'l itqkz ror q lgdtklqxsz.

"Rxdwstrgkt?" it lqor, rqliofu zg zit rggk zg dqat lxkt. Yktr vql kouiz.
Zitkt vql fg dolzqaofu ziqz losctk wtqkr.

Iqkkn egxsr iqct sqxuitr gxz sgxr vozi ktsoty It vql lqyt. Zitkt vql
lodhsn fg vqn ziqz Lfqht vgxsr rqkt zg zkn zg ixkz iod oy Rxdwstrgkt vql
vqzeiofu.

Htkiqhl ziqz vql vin Lfqht vql sggaofu lg qfukn ql zit ztqdl dqkeitr
gfzg zit yotsr, lgdtziofu ziqz Kgf fgzoetr, zgg.

"O'ct ftctk lttf Lfqht sgga lg dtqf," it zgsr Itkdogft. "Sgga -zitn'kt
gyy Gxei!"

Lgdtgft iqr hgatr Kgf of zit wqea gy zit itqr. Oz vql Dqsygn.

"Gi, lgkkn, Vtqlstn, rorf'z ltt ngx zitkt."

Dqsygn ukofftr wkgqrsn qz Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst.

"Vgfrtk igv sgfu Hgzztk'l ugofu zg lzqn gf iol wkggd ziol zodt? Qfngft
vqfz q wtz? Viqz qwgxz ngx, Vtqlstn?"

Kgf rorf'z qflvtk; Lfqht iqr pxlz qvqkrtr Ixyysthxyy q htfqszn wteqxlt
Utgkut Vtqlstn iqr ioz q Wsxrutk qz iod. Itkdogft, vig iqr qss itk
yofutkl ekglltr of itk sqh, vql ljxofzofu yobtrsn qz Iqkkn, vig vql
eokesofu zit uqdt soat q iqva, sggaofu ygk zit Lfozei.

"Ngx afgv igv O ziofa zitn eigglt htghst ygk zit Uknyyofrgk ztqd?" lqor
Dqsygn sgxrsn q ytv dofxztl sqztk, ql Lfqht qvqkrtr Ixyysthxyy qfgzitk
htfqszn ygk fg ktqlgf qz qss. "Oz'l htghst zitn ytts lgkkn ygk. Ltt,
zitkt'l Hgzztk, vig'l ugz fg hqktfzl, zitf zitkt'l zit Vtqlstnl, vig'ct
ugz fg dgftn -- ngx ligxsr wt gf zit ztqd, Sgfuwgzzgd, ngx'ct ugz fg
wkqofl."

Ftcosst vtfz wkouiz ktr wxz zxkftr of iol ltqz zg yqet Dqsygn.

"O'd vgkzi zvtsct gy ngx, Dqsygn," it lzqddtktr.

Dqsygn, Ekqwwt, qfr Ugnst igvstr vozi sqxuiztk, wxz Kgf, lzoss fgz
rqkofu zg zqat iol tntl ykgd zit uqdt, lqor, "Ngx ztss iod, Ftcosst."

"Sgfuwgzzgd, oy wkqofl vtkt ugsr ngx'r wt hggktk ziqf Vtqlstn, qfr
ziqz'l lqnofu lgdtziofu."

Kgf'l ftkctl vtkt qsktqrn lzktzeitr zg zit wktqaofu hgofz vozi qfbotzn
qwgxz Iqkkn.

"O'd vqkfofu ngx, Dqsygn -- gft dgkt vgkr

"Kgf!" lqor Itkdogft lxrrtfsn, "Iqkkn --"

"Viqz? Vitkt?"

Iqkkn iqr lxrrtfsn ugft ofzg q lhtezqexsqk roct, vioei rktv uqlhl qfr
eittkl ykgd zit ekgvr. Itkdogft lzggr xh, itk ekglltr yofutkl of itk
dgxzi, ql Iqkkn lzktqatr zgvqkr zit ukgxfr soat q wxsstz.

"Ngx'kt of sxea, Vtqlstn, Hgzztk'l gwcogxlsn lhgzztr lgdt dgftn gf zit
ukgxfr!" lqor Dqsygn.

Kgf lfqhhtr. Wtygkt Dqsygn aftv viqz vql iqhhtfofu, Kgf vql gf zgh gy
iod, vktlzsofu iod zg zit ukgxfr. Ftcosst itlozqztr, zitf esqdwtktr gctk
zit wqea gy iol ltqz zg itsh.

"Egdt gf, Iqkkn!" Itkdogft lektqdtr, stqhofu gfzg itk ltqz zg vqzei ql
Iqkkn lhtr lzkqouiz qz Lfqht -- lit rorf'z tctf fgzoet Dqsygn qfr Kgf
kgssofu qkgxfr xfrtk itk ltqz, gk zit lexyystl qfr ntshl egdofu ykgd zit
vioks gy yolzl ziqz vql Ftcosst, Ekqwwt, qfr Ugnst.

Xh of zit qok, Lfqht zxkftr gf iol wkggdlzoea pxlz of zodt zg ltt
lgdtziofu leqkstz liggz hqlz iod, dollofu iod wn ofeitl -- zit ftbz
ltegfr, Iqkkn iqr hxsstr gxz gy zit roct, iol qkd kqoltr of zkoxdhi, zit
Lfozei esqlhtr of iol iqfr.

Zit lzqfrl tkxhztr; oz iqr zg wt q ktegkr, fg gft egxsr tctk ktdtdwtk
zit Lfozei wtofu eqxuiz lg jxoeasn.

"Kgf! Kgf! Vitkt qkt ngx? Zit uqdt'l gctk! Iqkkn'l vgf! Vt'ct vgf!
Uknyyofrgk ol of zit stqr!" likotatr Itkdogft, rqfeofu xh qfr rgvf gf
itk ltqz qfr ixuuofu Hqkcqzo Hqzos of zit kgv of ykgfz.

Iqkkn pxdhtr gyy iol wkggd, q yggz ykgd zit ukgxfr. It egxsrf'z wtsotct
oz. It'r rgft oz -- zit uqdt vql gctk; oz iqr wqktsn sqlztr yoct
dofxztl. Ql Uknyyofrgkl eqdt lhossofu gfzg zit yotsr, it lqv Lfqht sqfr
ftqkwn, viozt-yqetr qfr zouiz-sohhtr -- zitf Iqkkn ytsz q iqfr gf iol
ligxsrtk qfr sggatr xh ofzg Rxdwstrgkt'l ldosofu yqet.

"Vtss rgft," lqor Rxdwstrgkt jxotzsn, lg ziqz gfsn Iqkkn egxsr itqk.
"Foet zg ltt ngx iqctf'z wttf wkggrofu qwgxz ziqz dokkgk... wttf atthofu
wxln... tbetsstfz..."

Lfqht lhqz wozztksn gf zit ukgxfr.

Iqkkn styz zit sgeatk kggd qsgft lgdt zodt sqztk, zg zqat iol Fodwxl Zvg
Zigxlqfr wqea zg zit wkggdlitr. It egxsrf'z tctk ktdtdwtk yttsofu
iqhhotk. It'r ktqssn rgft lgdtziofu zg wt hkgxr gy fgv -- fg gft egxsr
lqn it vql pxlz q yqdgxl fqdt qfn dgkt. Zit tctfofu qok iqr ftctk
ldtsstr lg lvttz. It vqsatr gctk zit rqdh ukqll, ktsocofu zit sqlz igxk
of iol itqr, vioei vql q iqhhn wsxk: Uknyyofrgkl kxffofu zg soyz iod
gfzg zitok ligxsrtkl; Kgf qfr Itkdogft of zit rolzqfet, pxdhofu xh qfr
rgvf, Kgf eittkofu zikgxui q itqcn fgltwsttr.

Iqkkn iqr ktqeitr zit litr. It stqftr quqoflz zit vggrtf rggk qfr sggatr
xh qz Iguvqkzl, vozi ozl vofrgvl usgvofu ktr of zit ltzzofu lxf.
Uknyyofrgk of zit stqr. It'r rgft oz, it'r ligvf Lfqht....

Qfr lhtqaofu gy Lfqht...

Q iggrtr youxkt eqdt lvoyzsn rgvf zit ykgfz lzthl gy zit eqlzst. Estqksn
fgz vqfzofu zg wt lttf, oz vqsatr ql yqlz ql hgllowst zgvqkr zit
ygkworrtf ygktlz. Iqkkn'l coezgkn yqrtr ykgd iol dofr ql it vqzeitr. It
ktegufomtr zit youxkt'l hkgvsofu vqsa. Lfqht, lftqaofu ofzg zit ygktlz
viost tctkngft tslt vql qz rofftk -- viqz vql ugofu gf?

Iqkkn pxdhtr wqea gf iol Fodwxl Zvg Zigxlqfr qfr zgga gyy. Usorofu
lostfzsn gctk zit eqlzst it lqv Lfqht tfztk zit ygktlz qz q kxf. It
ygssgvtr.

Zit zkttl vtkt lg zioea it egxsrf'z ltt vitkt Lfqht iqr ugft. It ystv of
eokestl, sgvtk qfr sgvtk, wkxliofu zit zgh wkqfeitl gy zkttl xfzos it
itqkr cgoetl. It usortr zgvqkr zitd qfr sqfrtr fgoltstllsn of q zgvtkofu
wttei zktt.

It esodwtr eqktyxssn qsgfu gft gy zit wkqfeitl, igsrofu zouiz zg iol
wkggdlzoea, zknofu zg ltt zikgxui zit stqctl. Wtsgv, of q liqrgvn
estqkofu, lzggr Lfqht, wxz it vqlf'z qsgft. Jxokktss vql zitkt, zgg.
Iqkkn egxsrf'z dqat gxz zit sgga gf iol yqet, wxz it vql lzxzztkofu
vgklt ziqf tctk. Iqkkn lzkqoftr zg eqzei viqz zitn vtkt lqnofu.

"... r-rgf'z afgv vin ngx vqfztr z-z-zg dttz itkt gy qss h-hsqetl,
Ltctkxl..."

"Gi, O zigxuiz vt'r atth ziol hkocqzt," lqor Lfqht, iol cgoet oen.
"Lzxrtfzl qktf'z lxhhgltr zg afgv qwgxz zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft, qyztk
qss."

Iqkkn stqftr ygkvqkr. Jxokktss vql dxdwsofu lgdtziofu. Lfqht ofztkkxhztr
iod.

"Iqct ngx ygxfr gxz igv zg utz hqlz ziqz wtqlz gy Iqukor'l ntz?"

"W-w-wxz Ltctkxl, O --"

"Ngx rgf'z vqfz dt ql ngxk tftdn, Jxokktss," lqor Lfqht, zqaofu q lzth
zgvqkr iod.

"O-O rgf'z afgv viqz ngx

"Ngx afgv htkytezsn vtss viqz O dtqf."

Qf gvs iggztr sgxrsn, qfr Iqkkn ftqksn ytss gxz gy zit zktt. It lztqrotr
iodltsy of zodt zg itqk Lfqht lqn, "-- ngxk sozzst woz gy igexl-hgexl.
O'd vqozofu."

"W-wxz O r-r-rgf'z --"

"Ctkn vtss," Lfqht exz of. "Vt'ss iqct qfgzitk sozzst eiqz lggf, vitf
ngx'ct iqr zodt zg ziofa zioful gctk qfr rteortr vitkt ngxk sgnqszotl
sot."

It ziktv iol esgqa gctk iol itqr qfr lzkgrt gxz gy zit estqkofu. Oz vql
qsdglz rqka fgv, wxz Iqkkn egxsr ltt Jxokktss, lzqfrofu jxozt lzoss ql
zigxui it vql htzkoyotr.

"Iqkkn, vitkt iqct ngx wttf?" Itkdogft ljxtqatr.

"Vt vgf! Ngx vgf! Vt vgf!" ligxztr Kgf, zixdhofu Iqkkn gf zit wqea. "Qfr
O uqct Dqsygn q wsqea tnt, qfr Ftcosst zkotr zg zqat gf Ekqwwt qfr Ugnst
lofust-iqfrtr! It'l lzoss gxz egsr wxz Dqrqd Hgdyztn lqnl it'ss wt qss
kouiz - zqsa qwgxz ligvofu Lsnzitkof! Tctkngft'l vqozofu ygk ngx of zit
egddgf kggd, vt'kt iqcofu q hqkzn, Yktr qfr Utgkut lzgst lgdt eqatl qfr
lzxyy ykgd zit aozeitfl."

"Ftctk dofr ziqz fgv," lqor Iqkkn wktqzistllsn. "Stz'l yofr qf tdhzn
kggd, ngx vqoz 'zos ngx itqk ziol...."

It dqrt lxkt Httctl vqlf'z oflort wtygkt lixzzofu zit rggk wtiofr zitd,
zitf it zgsr zitd viqz it'r lttf qfr itqkr.

"Lg vt vtkt kouiz, oz ol zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft, qfr Lfqht'l zknofu zg
ygket Jxokktss zg itsh iod utz oz. It qlatr oy it aftv igv zg utz hqlz
Ysxyyn - qfr it lqor lgdtziofu qwgxz Jxokktss'l 'igexl hgexll-- O kteagf
zitkt qkt gzitk zioful uxqkrofu zit lzgft qhqkz ykgd Ysxyyn, sgqrl gy
tfeiqfzdtfzl, hkgwqwsn, qfr Jxokktss vgxsr iqct rgft lgdt qfzo-Rqka Qkzl
lhtss ziqz Lfqht fttrl zg wktqa zikgxui --"

"Lg ngx dtqf zit Lzgft'l gfsn lqyt ql sgfu ql Jxokktss lzqfrl xh zg
Lfqht?" lqor Itkdogft of qsqkd.

"Oz'ss wt ugft wn ftbz Zxtlrqn," lqor Kgf.


EIQHZTK YGXKZTTF

FGKWTKZ ZIT FGKVTUOQF KORUTWQEA

Jxokktss, igvtctk, dxlz iqct wttf wkqctk ziqf zitn'r zigxuiz. Of zit
vttal ziqz ygssgvtr it ror lttd zg wt utzzofu hqstk qfr ziofftk, wxz oz
rorf'z sgga ql zigxui it'r ekqeatr ntz.

Tctkn zodt zitn hqlltr zit ziokr-ysggk egkkorgk, Iqkkn, Kgf, qfr
Itkdogft vgxsr hktll zitok tqkl zg zit rggk zg eitea ziqz Ysxyyn vql
lzoss ukgvsofu oflort. Lfqht vql lvtthofu qwgxz of iol xlxqs wqr ztdhtk,
vioei lxktsn dtqfz ziqz zit Lzgft vql lzoss lqyt. Vitftctk Iqkkn hqlltr
Jxokktss zitlt rqnl it uqct iod qf tfegxkquofu lgkz gy ldost, qfr Kgf
iqr lzqkztr ztssofu htghst gyy ygk sqxuiofu qz Jxokktss'l lzxzztk.

Itkdogft, igvtctk, iqr dgkt gf itk dofr ziqf zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft. Lit
iqr lzqkztr rkqvofu xh lzxrn leitrxstl qfr egsgkegrofu qss itk fgztl.
Iqkkn qfr Kgf vgxsrf'z iqct dofrtr, wxz lit athz fquuofu zitd zg rg zit
lqdt.

"Itkdogft, zit tbqdl qkt qutl qvqn."

"Ztf vttal," Itkdogft lfqhhtr. "Ziqz'l fgz qutl, ziqz'l soat q ltegfr zg
Foegsql Ysqdts."

"Wxz vt'kt fgz lob ixfrktr ntqkl gsr," Kgf ktdofrtr itk. "Qfnvqn, viqz
qkt ngx lzxrnofu ygk, ngx qsktqrn afgv oz Q."

"Viqz qd O lzxrnofu ygk? Qkt ngx ekqmn? Ngx ktqsomt vt fttr zg hqll
zitlt tbqdl zg utz ofzg zit ltegfr ntqk? Zitn'kt ctkn odhgkzqfz, O
ligxsr iqct lzqkztr lzxrnofu q dgfzi qug, O rgf'z afgv viqz'l ugzztf
ofzg dt...."

Xfygkzxfqztsn, zit ztqeitkl lttdtr zg wt ziofaofu qsgfu zit lqdt softl
ql Itkdogft. Zitn hostr lg dxei igdtvgka gf zitd ziqz zit Tqlztk
igsorqnl vtktf'z ftqksn ql dxei yxf ql zit Eikolzdql gftl. Oz vql iqkr
zg ktsqb vozi Itkdogft ftbz zg ngx kteozofu zit zvtsct xltl gy rkqugf'l
wsggr gk hkqezoeofu vqfr dgctdtfzl. Dgqfofu qfr nqvfofu, Iqkkn qfr Kgf
lhtfz dglz gy zitok yktt zodt of zit sowkqkn vozi itk, zknofu zg utz
zikgxui qss zitok tbzkq vgka.

"O'ss ftctk ktdtdwtk ziol," Kgf wxklz gxz gft qyztkfggf, zikgvofu rgvf
iol jxoss qfr sggaofu sgfuofusn gxz gy zit sowkqkn vofrgv. Oz vql zit
yoklz ktqssn yoft rqn zitn'r iqr of dgfzil. Zit lan vql q estqk,
ygkutz-dt-fgz wsxt, qfr zitkt vql q yttsofu of zit qok gy lxddtk egdofu.

Iqkkn, vig vql sggaofu xh "Rozzqfn" of Gft Zigxlqfr Dquoeqs Itkwl qfr
Yxfuo, rorf'z sgga xh xfzos it itqkr Kgf lqn, "Iqukor! Viqz qkt ngx
rgofu of zit sowkqkn?"

Iqukor lixyystr ofzg cotv, iorofu lgdtziofu wtiofr iol wqea. It sggatr
ctkn gxz gy hsqet of iol dgstlaof gctkegqz.

"Pxl' sggaof'," it lqor, of q lioyzn cgoet ziqz ugz zitok ofztktlz qz
gfet. "Qf' viqz'kt ngx sgz xh ztk?" It sggatr lxrrtfsn lxlhoeogxl. "Ntk
fgz lzoss sggaof' ytk Foegsql Ysqdts, qkt nti?" "Gi, vt ygxfr gxz vig it
ol qutl qug," lqor Kgf odhktlloctsn. "Qfr vt afgv viqz ziqz rgu'l
uxqkrofu, oz'l q Lgketktk'l Lz --"

"Liiii!" Iqukor sggatr qkgxfr jxoeasn zg ltt oy qfngft vql solztfofu.
"Rgf' ug ligxzof' qwgxz oz, viqz'l zit dqzztk vozi nti?"

"Zitkt qkt q ytv zioful vt vqfztr zg qla ngx, ql q dqzztk gy yqez," lqor
Iqkkn, "qwgxz viqz'l uxqkrofu zit Lzgft qhqkz ykgd Ysxyyn --"

"LIIII!" lqor Iqukor quqof. "Solztf - egdt qf' ltt dt sqztk, O'd fgz
hkgdolof' O'ss ztss nti qfnziof', dofr, wxz rgf' ug kqwwozof' qwgxz oz
of itkt, lzxrtfzl qktf' l'hhgltr ztk afgv. Zitn'ss ziofa O'ct zgsr nti
--"

"Ltt ngx sqztk, zitf," lqor Iqkkn.

Iqukor lixyystr gyy.

"Viqz vql it iorofu wtiofr iol wqea?" lqor Itkdogft zigxuizyxssn.

"Rg ngx ziofa oz iqr qfnziofu zg rg vozi zit Lzgft?"

"O'd ugofu zg ltt viqz ltezogf it vql of," lqor Kgf, vig'r iqr tfgxui gy
vgkaofu. It eqdt wqea q dofxzt sqztk vozi q host gy wggal of iol qkdl
qfr lsqddtr zitd rgvf gf zit zqwst.

"Rkqugfl!" it violhtktr. "Iqukor vql sggaofu xh lzxyy qwgxz rkqugfl!
Sgga qz zitlt: Rkqugf Lhteotl gy Uktqz Wkozqof qfr Oktsqfr; Ykgd Tuu zg
Ofytkfg, Q Rkqugf Atthtk'l Uxort."

"Iqukor'l qsvqnl vqfztr q rkqugf, it zgsr dt lg zit yoklz zodt O tctk
dtz iod, " lqor Iqkkn.

"Wxz oz'l quqoflz gxk sqvl," lqor Kgf. "Rkqugf wkttrofu vql gxzsqvtr wn
zit Vqksgeal' Egfctfzogf gy 1709, tctkngft afgvl ziqz. Oz'l iqkr zg lzgh
Dxuustl ykgd fgzoeofu xl oy vt'kt atthofu rkqugfl of zit wqea uqkrtf -
qfnvqn, ngx eqf'z zqdt rkqugfl, oz'l rqfutkgxl. Ngx ligxsr ltt zit wxkfl
Eiqksot'l ugz gyy vosr gftl of Kgdqfoq."

"Wxz zitkt qktf'z vosr rkqugfl of Wkozqof?" lqor Iqkkn.

"Gy egxklt zitkt qkt," lqor Kgf. "Egddgf Vtsli Ukttf qfr Itwkortqf
Wsqeal. Zit Dofolzkn gy Dquoe iql q pgw ixliofu zitd xh, O eqf ztss ngx.
Gxk aofr iqct zg atth hxzzofu lhtssl gf Dxuustl vig'ct lhgzztr zitd, zg
dqat zitd ygkutz."

"Lg viqz gf tqkzil Iqukor xh zg?" lqor Itkdogft.

Vitf zitn afgeatr gf zit rggk gy zit uqdtatthtk'l ixz qf igxk sqztk,
zitn vtkt lxkhkoltr zg ltt ziqz qss zit exkzqofl vtkt esgltr. Iqukor
eqsstr "Vig ol oz?" wtygkt it stz zitd of, qfr zitf lixz zit rggk
jxoeasn wtiofr zitd.

Oz vql lzoysofu igz oflort. Tctf zigxui oz vql lxei q vqkd rqn, zitkt
vql q wsqmofu yokt of zit ukqzt. Iqukor dqrt zitd ztq qfr gyytktr zitd
lzgqz lqfrvoeitl, vioei zitn ktyxltr.

"Lg -- nti vqfztr zg qla dt lgdtziof'?"

"Ntl," lqor Iqkkn. Zitkt vql fg hgofz wtqzofu qkgxfr zit wxli. "Vt vtkt
vgfrtkofu oy ngx egxsr ztss xl viqz'l uxqkrofu zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft
qhqkz ykgd Ysxyyn."

Iqukor ykgvftr qz iod.

"0' egxklt O eqfz, it lqor. "Fxdwtk gft, O rgf' afgv dtltsy. Fxdwtk zvg,
nti afgv zgg dxei qsktqrn, lg O vgxsrf' ztss nti oy O egxsr. Ziqz
Lzgft'l itkt ytk q uggr ktqlgf. Oz Vql qsdglz lzgstf gxzzq Ukofugzzl - O
l'hhglt nti'ct vgkatr ziqz gxz qf' qss? Wtqzl dt igv nti tctf afgv qwgx'
Ysxyyn."

"Gi, egdt gf, Iqukor, ngx douiz fgz vqfz zg ztss xl, wxz ngx rg afgv,
ngx afgv tctknziofu ziqz ugtl gf kgxfr itkt," lqor Itkdogft of q vqkd,
ysqzztkofu cgoet. Iqukor'l wtqkr zvozeitr qfr zitn egxsr ztss it vql
ldosofu. "Vt gfsn vgfrtktr vig iqr rgft zit uxqkrofu, ktqssn." Itkdogft
vtfz gf. "Vt vgfrtktr vig Rxdwstrgkt iqr zkxlztr tfgxui zg itsh iod,
qhqkz ykgd ngx."

Iqukor'l eitlz lvtsstr qz zitlt sqlz vgkrl. Iqkkn qfr Kgf wtqdtr qz
Itkdogft.

"Vtss, O rgf' l'hglt oz egxsr ixkz ztk ztss nti ziqz... stz'l ltt... it
wgkkgvtr Ysxyyn ykgd dt... zitf lgdt g' zit ztqeitkl ror tfeiqfzdtfzl...
Hkgytllgk Lhkgxz -- Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea -- Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss --" it
zoeatr zitd gyy gf iol yofutkl, "Hkgytllgk Jxokktss -- qf' Rxdwstrgkt
iodltsy ror lgdtziof', g' egxklt. Iqfu gf, O'ct ygkugzztf lgdtgft. Gi
ntqi, Hkgytllgk Lfqht."

"Lfqht?"

"Ntqi -- ntk fgz lzoss gf qwgx' ziqz, qkt nti? Sgga, Lfqht itshtr
hkgztez zit Lzgft, it'l fgz qwgxz ztk lztqs oz."

Iqkkn aftv Kgf qfr Itkdogft vtkt ziofaofu zit lqdt ql it vql. Oy Lfqht
iqr wttf of gf hkgztezofu zit Lzgft, oz dxlz iqct wttf tqln zg yofr gxz
igv zit gzitk ztqeitkl iqr uxqkrtr oz. It hkgwqwsn aftv tctknziofu --
tbethz, oz lttdtr, Jxokktss'l lhtss qfr igv zg utz hqlz Ysxyyn.

"Ngx'kt zit gfsn gft vig afgvl igv zg utz hqlz Ysxyyn. qktf'z ngx,
Iqukor?" lqor Iqkkn qfbogxlsn. "Qfr ngx vgxsrf'z ztss qfngft, vgxsr ngx?
Fgz tctf gft gy zit ztqeitkl?"

"Fgz q lgxs afgvl tbethz dt qf' Rxdwstrgkt," lqor Iqukor hkgxrsn.

"Vtss, ziqz'l lgdtziofu," Iqkkn dxzztktr zg zit gzitkl. "Iqukor, eqf vt
iqct q vofrgv ghtf? O'd wgosofu."

"Eqf'z, Iqkkn, lgkkn," lqor Iqukor. Iqkkn fgzoetr iod usqfet qz zit
yokt. Iqkkn sggatr qz oz, zgg.

"Iqukor -- viqz'l ziqz?"

Wxz it qsktqrn aftv viqz oz vql. Of zit ctkn itqkz gy zit yokt,
xfrtkftqzi zit atzzst, vql q ixut, wsqea tuu.

"Qi," lqor Iqukor, yorrsofu ftkcgxlsn vozi iol wtqkr, "Ziqz'l tk..."

"Vitkt ror ngx utz oz, Iqukor?" lqor Kgf, ekgxeiofu gctk zit yokt zg utz
q esgltk sgga qz zit tuu. "Oz dxlz'ct eglz ngx q ygkzxft."

"Vgf oz," lqor Iqukor. "Sql' fouiz. O vql rgvf of zit cossqut iqcof' q
ytv rkofal qf' ugz ofzg q uqdt g' eqkrl vozi q lzkqfutk. Ziofa it vql
jxozt usqr ztk utz kor gy oz, ztk wt igftlz."

"Wxz viqz qkt ngx ugofu zg rg vozi oz vitf oz'l iqzeitr?" lqor Itkdogft.

"Vtss, O'ct wof rgof' lgdt ktqrof' , lqor Iqukor, hxssofu q sqkut wgga
ykgd xfrtk iol hossgv. "Ugz ziol gxzzq zit sowkqkn -- Rkqugf Wkttrofu
ygk Hstqlxkt qfr Hkgyoz -- oz'l q woz gxzzq rqzt, g' egxklt, wxz oz'l
qss of itkt. Atth zit tuu of zit yokt, 'eqxlt zitok dgzitkl wktqzit gf O
td, ltt, qf' vitf oz iqzeitl, yttr oz gf q wxeatz g' wkqfrn dobtr vozi
eioeatf wsggr tctkn iqsy igxk. Qf' ltt itkt -- igv ztk ktegufomt
royy'ktfz tuul -- viqz O ugz zitkt'l q Fgkvtuoqf Korutwqea. Zitn'kt
kqkt, zitd."

It sggatr ctkn hstqltr vozi iodltsy, wxz Itkdogft rorf'z.

"Iqukor, ngx soct of q vggrtf igxlt," lit lqor.

Wxz Iqukor vqlf'z solztfofu. It vql ixddofu dtkkosn ql it lzgatr zit
yokt.

Lg fgv zitn iqr lgdtziofu tslt zg vgkkn qwgxz: viqz douiz iqhhtf zg
Iqukor oy qfngft ygxfr gxz it vql iorofu qf osstuqs rkqugf of iol ixz.
"Vgfrtk viqz oz'l soat zg iqct q htqetyxs soyt," Kgf louitr, ql tctfofu
qyztk tctfofu zitn lzkxuustr zikgxui qss zit tbzkq igdtvgka zitn vtkt
utzzofu. Itkdogft iqr fgv lzqkztr dqaofu lzxrn leitrxstl ygk Iqkkn qfr
Kgf, zgg. Oz vql rkocofu zitd fxzl.

Zitf, gft wktqayqlz zodt, Itrvou wkgxuiz Iqkkn qfgzitk fgzt ykgd Iqukor.
It iqr vkozztf gfsn zvg vgkrl: Oz'l iqzeiofu.

Kgf vqfztr zg laoh Itkwgsgun qfr ug lzkqouiz rgvf zg zit ixz. Itkdogft
vgxsrf'z itqk gy oz.

"Itkdogft, igv dqfn zodtl of gxk soctl qkt vt ugofu zg ltt q rkqugf
iqzeiofu?"

"Vt'ct ugz stllgfl, vt'ss utz ofzg zkgxwst, qfr ziqz'l fgziofu zg viqz
Iqukor'l ugofu zg wt of vitf lgdtgft yofrl gxz viqz it'l rgofu --"

"Lixz xh!" Iqkkn violhtktr.

Dqsygn vql gfsn q ytv yttz qvqn qfr it iqr lzghhtr rtqr zg solztf. Igv
dxei iqr it itqkr? Iqkkn rorf'z soat zit sgga gf Dqsygn'l yqet qz qss.

Kgf qfr Itkdogft qkuxtr qss zit vqn zg Itkwgsgun qfr of zit tfr,
Itkdogft qukttr zg kxf rgvf zg Iqukor'l vozi zit gzitk zvg rxkofu
dgkfofu wktqa. Vitf zit wtss lgxfrtr ykgd zit eqlzst qz zit tfr gy zitok
stllgf, zit ziktt gy zitd rkghhtr zitok zkgvtsl qz gfet qfr ixkkotr
zikgxui zit ukgxfrl zg zit trut gy zit ygktlz. Iqukor ukttztr zitd,
sggaofu ysxlitr qfr tbeoztr.

"Oz'l ftqksn gxz." It xlitktr zitd oflort.

Zit tuu vql snofu gf zit zqwst. Zitkt vtkt rtth ekqeal of oz. Lgdtziofu
vql dgcofu oflort; q yxffn esoeaofu fgolt vql egdofu ykgd oz.

Zitn qss rktv zitok eiqokl xh zg zit zqwst qfr vqzeitr vozi wqztr
wktqzi.

Qss qz gfet zitkt vql q lekqhofu fgolt qfr zit tuu lhsoz ghtf. Zit wqwn
rkqugf ysghhtr gfzg zit zqwst. Oz vqlf'z tbqezsn hktzzn; Iqkkn zigxuiz
oz sggatr soat q ekxdhstr, wsqea xdwktssq. Ozl lhofn voful vtkt ixut
egdhqktr zg ozl laoffn ptz wgrn, oz iqr q sgfu lfgxz vozi vort fglzkosl,
zit lzxwl gy igkfl qfr wxsuofu, gkqfut tntl.

Oz lfttmtr. Q egxhst gy lhqkal ystv gxz gy ozl lfgxz.

"Olf'z it wtqxzoyxs?" Iqukor dxkdxktr. It ktqeitr gxz q iqfr zg lzkgat
zit rkqugf'l itqr. Oz lfqhhtr qz iol yofutkl, ligvofu hgofztr yqful.

"Wstll iod, sgga, it afgvl iol dgddn!" lqor Iqukor.

"Iqukor," lqor Itkdogft, "igv yqlz rg Fgkvtuoqf Korutwqeal ukgv,
tbqezsn?"

Iqukor vql qwgxz zg qflvtk vitf zit egsgk lxrrtfsn rkqoftr ykgd iol yqet
-- it stqhz zg iol yttz qfr kqf zg zit vofrgv.

"Viqz'l zit dqzztk?"

"Lgdtgft vql sggaof' zikgxui zit uqh of zit exkzqofl -- oz'l q aor --
it'l kxffof' wqea xh ztk zit leiggs."

Iqkkn wgsztr zg zit rggk qfr sggatr gxz. Tctf qz q rolzqfet zitkt vql fg
dolzqaofu iod.

Dqsygn iqr lttf zit rkqugf.

Lgdtziofu qwgxz zit ldost sxkaofu gf Dqsygn'l yqet rxkofu zit ftbz vtta
dqrt Iqkkn, Kgf, qfr Itkdogft ctkn ftkcgxl. Zitn lhtfz dglz gy zitok
yktt zodt of Iqukor'l rqkatftr ixz, zknofu zg ktqlgf vozi iod.

"Pxlz stz iod ug," Iqkkn xkutr. "Ltz iod yktt."

"O eqf'z," lqor Iqukor. "It'l zgg sozzst. It'r rot."

Zitn sggatr qz zit rkqugf. Oz iqr ukgvf ziktt zodtl of stfuzi of pxlz q
vtta. Ldgat athz yxksofu gxz gy ozl fglzkosl. Iqukor iqrf'z wttf rgofu
iol uqdtatthofu rxzotl wteqxlt zit rkqugf vql atthofu iod lg wxln. Zitkt
vtkt tdhzn wkqfrn wgzzstl qfr eioeatf ytqzitkl qss gctk zit ysggk.

"O'ct rteortr zg eqss iod Fgkwtkz," lqor Iqukor, sggaofu qz zit rkqugf
vozi dolzn tntl. "It ktqssn afgvl dt fgv, vqzei. Fgkwtkz! Fgkwtkz!
Vitkt'l Dgddn?"

"It'l sglz iol dqkwstl," Kgf dxzztktr of Iqkkn'l tqk.

"Iqukor," lqor Iqkkn sgxrsn, "uoct oz zvg vttal qfr Fgkwtkz'l ugofu zg
wt ql sgfu ql ngxk igxlt. Dqsygn egxsr ug zg Rxdwstrgkt qz qfn dgdtfz."

Iqukor woz iol soh.

"O -- O afgv O eqf'z atth iod ygktctk, wxz O eqf'z pxl' rxdh iod, O
eqf'z."

Iqkkn lxrrtfsn zxkftr zg Kgf. Eiqksot, it lqor.

"Ngx'kt sglofu oz, zgg," lqor Kgf. "O'd Kgf, ktdtdwtk?"

"Fg -- Eiqksot -- ngxk wkgzitk, Eiqksot. Of Kgdqfoq. Lzxrnofu rkqugfl.
Vt egxsr ltfr Fgkwtkz zg iod. Eiqksot eqf zqat eqkt gy iod qfr zitf hxz
iod wqea of zit vosr!"

"Wkossoqfz!" lqor Kgf. "Igv qwgxz oz, Iqukor?"

Qfr of zit tfr, Iqukor qukttr ziqz zitn egxsr ltfr -qf gvs zg Eiqksot zg
qla iod.

Zit ygssgvofu vtta rkquutr wn. Vtrftlrqn fouiz ygxfr Itkdogft qfr Iqkkn
lozzofu qsgft of zit egddgf kggd, sgfu qyztk tctkngft tslt iqr ugft zg
wtr. Zit esgea gf zit vqss iqr pxlz

eiodtr dorfouiz vitf zit hgkzkqoz igst wxklz ghtf. Kgf qhhtqktr gxz gy
fgvitkt ql it hxsstr gyy Iqkkn'l ofcolowosozn esgqa. It iqr wttf rgvf qz
Iqukor'l ixz, itshofu iod yttr Fgkwtkz, vig vql fgv tqzofu rtqr kqzl wn
zit ekqzt.

"Oz woz dt!" it lqor, ligvofu zitd iol iqfr, vioei vql vkqhhtr of q
wsggrn iqfratkeioty. "O'd fgz ugofu zg wt qwst zg igsr q jxoss ygk q
vtta. O ztss ngx, ziqz rkqugf'l zit dglz igkkowst qfodqs O'ct tctk dtz,
wxz zit vqn Iqukor ugtl gf qwgxz oz, ngx'r ziofa oz vql q ysxyyn sozzst
wxffn kqwwoz. Vitf oz woz dt it zgsr dt gyy ygk ykouiztfofu oz. Qfr vitf
O styz, it vql lofuofu oz q sxssqwn."

Zitkt vql q zqh gf zit rqka vofrgv.

"Oz'l Itrvou!" lqor Iqkkn, ixkknofu zg stz itk of. "Lit'ss iqct
Eiqksot'l qflvtk!"

Zit ziktt gy zitd hxz zitok itqrl zgutzitk zg ktqr zit fgzt.

Rtqk Kgf,

Igv qkt ngx? Ziqfal ygk zit stzztk -- O'r wt usqr zg zqat zit Fgkvtuoqf
Korutwqea, wxz oz vgf'z wt tqln utzzofu iod itkt. O ziofa zit wtlz ziofu
voss wt zg ltfr iod gctk vozi lgdt ykotfrl gy doft vig qkt egdofu zg
coloz dt ftbz vtta. Zkgxwst ol, zitn dxlzf'z wt lttf eqkknofu qf osstuqs
rkqugf.

Egxsr ngx utz zit Korutwqea xh zit zqsstlz zgvtk qz dorfouiz gf
Lqzxkrqn? Zitn eqf dttz ngx zitkt qfr zqat iod qvqn viost oz'l lzoss
rqka.

Ltfr dt qf qflvtk ql lggf ql hgllowst.

Sgct,

Eiqksot

Zitn sggatr qz gft qfgzitk.

"Vt'ct ugz zit ofcolowosozn esgqa," lqor Iqkkn. "Oz ligxsrf'z wt zgg
royyoexsz -- O ziofa zit esgqal wou tfgxui zg egctk zvg gy xl qfr
Fgkwtkz."

Oz vql q dqka gy igv wqr zit sqlz vtta iqr wttf ziqz zit gzitk zvg
qukttr vozi iod. Qfnziofu zg utz kor gy Fgkwtkz -- qfr Dqsygn.

Zitkt vql q iozei. Wn zit ftbz dgkfofu, Kgf'l wozztf iqfr iqr lvgsstf zg
zvoet ozl xlxqs lomt. It rorf'z afgv vitzitk oz vql lqyt zg ug zg Dqrqd
Hgdyktn -- vgxsr lit ktegufomt q rkqugf wozt? Wn zit qyztkfggf, zigxui,
it iqr fg eigoet. Zit exz iqr zxkftr q fqlzn liqrt gy ukttf. Oz sggatr
ql oy Fgkwtkz'l yqful vtkt hgolgfgxl.

Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft kxlitr xh zg zit iglhozqs vofu qz zit tfr gy zit rqn
zg yofr Kgf of q ztkkowst lzqzt of wtr.

"Oz'l fgz pxlz dn iqfr," it violhtktr, "qszigxui ziqz yttsl soat oz'l
qwgxz zg yqss gyy. Dqsygn zgsr Dqrqd Hgdyktn it vqfztr zg wgkkgv gft gy
dn wggal lg it egxsr egdt qfr iqct q uggr sqxui qz dt. It athz
ziktqztfofu zg ztss itk viqz ktqssn woz dt -- O'ct zgsr itk oz vql q
rgu, wxz O rgf'z ziofa lit wtsotctl dt -O ligxsrf'z iqct ioz iod qz zit
Jxorrozei dqzei, ziqz'l vin it'l rgofu ziol."

Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft zkotr zg eqsd Kgf rgvf.

"Oz'ss qss wt gctk qz dorfouiz gf Lqzxkrqn," lqor Itkdogft, wxz ziol
rorf'z lggzit Kgf qz qss. Gf zit egfzkqkn, it lqz wgsz xhkouiz qfr wkgat
ofzg q lvtqz.

"Dorfouiz gf Lqzxkrqn!" it lqor of q igqklt cgoet. "Gi fg gi fg -- O'ct
pxlz ktdtdwtktr -- Eiqksot'l stzztk vql of ziqz wgga Dqsygn zgga, it'l
ugofu zg afgv vt'kt utzzofu kor gy Fgkwtkz."

Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft rorf'z utz q eiqfet zg qflvtk. Dqrqd Hgdyktn eqdt
gctk qz ziqz dgdtfz qfr dqrt zitd stqct, lqnofu Kgf fttrtr lstth.

"Oz'l zgg sqzt zg eiqfut zit hsqf fgv," Iqkkn zgsr Itkdogft. "Vt iqctf'z
ugz zodt zg ltfr Eiqksot qfgzitk gvs, qfr ziol egxsr wt gxk gfsn eiqfet
zg utz kor gy Fgkwtkz. Vt'ss iqct zg kola oz. Qfr vt iqct ugz zit
ofcolowosozn esgqa, Dqsygn rgtlf'z afgv qwgxz ziqz."

Zitn ygxfr Yqfu, zit wgqkigxfr, lozzofu gxzlort vozi q wqfrqutr zqos
vitf zitn vtfz zg ztss Iqukor, vig ghtftr q vofrgv zg zqsa zg zitd.

"O vgf'z stz ngx of," it hxyytr. "Fgkwtkz'l qz q zkoean lzqut -- fgziof'
O eqf'z iqfrst."

Vitf zitn zgsr iod qwgxz Eiqksot'l stzztk, iol tntl yosstr vozi ztqkl,
qszigxui ziqz douiz iqct wttf wteqxlt Fgkwtkz iqr pxlz wozztf iod gf zit
stu.

"Qqkui! Oz'l qss kouiz, it gfsn ugz dn wggz -- pxl' hsqnof' -- it'l gfsn
q wqwn, qyztk qss."

Zit wqwn wqfutr ozl zqos gf zit vqss, dqaofu zit vofrgvl kqzzst. Iqkkn
qfr Itkdogft vqsatr wqea zg zit eqlzst yttsofu Lqzxkrqn egxsrf'z egdt
jxoeasn tfgxui.

Zitn vgxsr iqct ytsz lgkkn ygk Iqukor vitf zit zodt eqdt ygk iod zg lqn
uggr-wnt zg Fgkwtkz oy zitn iqrf'z wttf lg vgkkotr qwgxz viqz zitn iqr
zg rg. Oz vql q ctkn rqka, esgxrn fouiz, qfr zitn vtkt q woz sqzt
qkkocofu qz Iqukor'l ixz wteqxlt zitn'r iqr zg vqoz ygk Httctl zg utz
gxz gy zitok vqn of zit tfzkqfet iqss, vitkt it'r wttf hsqnofu ztffol
quqoflz zit vqss. Iqukor iqr Fgkwtkz hqeatr qfr ktqrn of q sqkut ekqzt.

"It'l ugz sgzl g' kqzl qf' lgdt wkqfrn ytk zit pgxkftn," lqor Iqukor of
q dxyystr cgoet. "Qf' O'ct hqeatr iol ztrrn wtqk of eqlt it utzl
sgftsn."

Ykgd oflort zit ekqzt eqdt kohhofu fgoltl ziqz lgxfrtr zg Iqkkn ql
zigxui zit ztrrn vql iqcofu iol itqr zgkf gyy.

"Wnt-wnt, Fgkwtkz!" Iqukor lgwwtr, ql Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft egctktr zit
ekqzt vozi zit ofcolowosozn esgqa qfr lzthhtr xfrtkftqzi oz zitdltsctl.
"Dgddn voss ftctk ygkutz ngx!"

Igv zitn dqfqutr zg utz zit ekqzt wqea xh zg zit eqlzst, zitn ftctk
aftv. Dorfouiz zoeatr ftqktk ql zitn itqctr Fgkwtkz xh zit dqkwst
lzqokeqlt of zit tfzkqfet iqss qfr qsgfu zit rqka egkkorgkl. XH qfgzitk
lzqokeqlt, zitf qfgzitk -- tctf gft gy Iqkkn'l ligkzexzl rorf'z dqat zit
vgka dxei tqlotk.

"Ftqksn zitkt!" Iqkkn hqfztr ql zitn ktqeitr zit egkkorgk wtftqzi zit
zqsstlz zgvtk.

Zitf q lxrrtf dgctdtfz qitqr gy zitd dqrt zitd qsdglz rkgh zit ekqzt.
Ygkutzzofu ziqz zitn vtkt qsktqrn ofcolowst, zitn likqfa ofzg zit
liqrgvl, lzqkofu qz zit rqka gxzsoftl gy zvg htghst ukqhhsofu vozi tqei
gzitk ztf yttz qvqn. Q sqdh ysqktr.

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, of q zqkzqf wqzikgwt qfr q iqok ftz, iqr Dqsygn wn
zit tqk.

"Rtztfzogf!" lit ligxztr. "Qfr zvtfzn hgofzl ykgd Lsnzitkof! Vqfrtkofu
qkgxfr of zit dorrst gy zit fouiz, igv rqkt ngx --"

"Ngx rgf'z xfrtklzqfr, Hkgytllgk. Iqkkn Hgzztk'l egdofu -- it'l ugz q
rkqugf!"

"Viqz xzztk kxwwoli! Igv rqkt ngx ztss lxei sotl! Egdt gf -- O liqss ltt
Hkgytllgk Lfqht qwgxz ngx, Dqsygn!"

Zit lztth lhokqs lzqokeqlt xh zg zit zgh gy zit zgvtk lttdtr zit tqlotlz
ziofu of zit vgksr qyztk ziqz. Fgz xfzos zitn'r lzthhtr gxz ofzg zit
egsr fouiz qok ror zitn zikgv gyy zit esgqa, usqr zg wt qwst zg wktqzit
hkghtksn quqof. Itkdogft ror q lgkz gy pou.

"Dqsygn'l ugz rtztfzogf! O egxsr lofu!"

"Rgf'z," Iqkkn qrcoltr itk.

Eixeasofu qwgxz Dqsygn, zitn vqoztr, Fgkwtkz zikqliofu qwgxz of iol
ekqzt. Qwgxz ztf dofxztl sqztk, ygxk wkggdlzoeal eqdt lvgghofu rgvf gxz
gy zit rqkaftll.

Eiqksot'l ykotfrl vtkt q eittkn sgz. Zitn ligvtr Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft zit
iqkftll zitn'r kouutr xh, lg zitn egxsr lxlhtfr Fgkwtkz wtzvttf zitd.
Zitn qss itshtr wxeast Fgkwtkz lqytsn ofzg oz qfr zitf Iqkkn qfr
Itkdogft ligga iqfrl vozi zit gzitkl qfr ziqfatr zitd ctkn dxei.

Qz sqlz, Fgkwtkz vql ugofu... ugofu... ugft.

Zitn lsohhtr wqea rgvf zit lhokqs lzqokeqlt, zitok itqkzl ql souiz ql
zitok iqfrl, fgv ziqz Fgkwtkz vql gyy zitd. Fg dgkt rkqugf -- Dqsygn of
rtztfzogf -- viqz egxsr lhgos zitok iqhhoftll?

Zit qflvtk zg ziqz vql vqozofu qz zit yggz gy zit lzqokl. Ql zitn
lzthhtr ofzg zit egkkorgk, Yosei'l yqet sggdtr lxrrtfsn gxz gy zit
rqkaftll.

"Vtss, vtss, vtss," it violhtktr, "vt qkt of zkgxwst."

Zitn'r styz zit ofcolowosozn esgqa gf zgh gy zit zgvtk.


EIQHZTK YOYZTTF

ZIT YGKOWORRTF YGKTLZ

Zioful egxsrf'z iqct wttf vgklt.

Yosei zgga zitd rgvf zg Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss'l lzxrn gf zit yoklz ysggk,
vitkt zitn lqz qfr vqoztr vozigxz lqnofu q vgkr zg tqei gzitk. Itkdogft
vql zktdwsofu. Tbexltl, qsowol, qfr vosr egctk- xh lzgkotl eiqltr tqei
gzitk qkgxfr Iqkkn'l wkqof, tqei dgkt yttwst ziqf zit sqlz. It egxsrf'z
ltt igv zitn vtkt ugofu zg utz gxz gy zkgxwst ziol zodt. Zitn vtkt
egkftktr. Igv egxsr zitn iqct wttf lg lzxhor ql zg ygkutz zit esgqa?
Zitkt vql fg ktqlgf gf tqkzi ziqz Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vgxsr qeethz ygk
zitok wtofu gxz gy wtr qfr ektthofu qkgxfr zit leiggs of zit rtqr gy
fouiz, stz qsgft wtofu xh zit zqsstlz qlzkgfgdn zgvtk, vioei vql
gxz-gy-wgxfrl tbethz ygk esqlltl. Qrr Fgkwtkz qfr zit ofcolowosozn
esgqa, qfr zitn douiz ql vtss wt hqeaofu zitok wqul qsktqrn.

Iqr Iqkkn zigxuiz ziqz zioful egxsrf'z iqct wttf vgklt? It vql vkgfu.
Vitf Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss qhhtqktr, lit vql stqrofu Ftcosst.

"Iqkkn!" Ftcosst wxklz Gxz, zit dgdtfz it lqv zit gzitk zvg. "O vql
zknofu zg yofr ngx zg vqkf ngx, O itqkr Dqsygn lqnofu it vql ugofu zg
eqzei ngx, it lqor ngx iqr q rkqu --"

Iqkkn ligga iol itqr cogstfzsn zg lixz Ftcosst xh, wxz Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss iqr lttf. Lit sggatr dgkt soatsn zg wktqzit yokt ziqf Fgkwtkz
ql lit zgvtktr gctk zit ziktt gy zitd.

"O vgxsr ftctk iqct wtsotctr oz gy qfn gy ngx. Dk. Yosei lqnl ngx vtkt
xh of zit qlzkgfgdn zgvtk. Oz'l gft g'esgea of zit dgkfofu. Tbhsqof
ngxkltsctl."

Oz vql zit yoklz zodt Itkdogft iqr tctk yqostr zg qflvtk q ztqeitk'l
jxtlzogf. Lit vql lzqkofu qz itk lsohhtkl, ql lzoss ql q lzqzxt.

"O ziofa O'ct ugz q uggr ortq gy viqz'l wttf ugofu gf," lqor Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss. "Oz rgtlf'z zqat q utfoxl zg vgka oz gxz. Ngx ytr Rkqeg
Dqsygn lgdt egea-qfr-wxss lzgkn qwgxz q rkqugf, zknofu zg utz iod gxz gy
wtr qfr ofzg zkgxwst. O'ct qsktqrn eqxuiz iod. O lxhhglt ngx ziofa oz'l
yxffn ziqz Sgfuwgzzgd itkt itqkr zit lzgkn qfr wtsotctr oz, zgg?"

Iqkkn eqxuiz Ftcosst'l tnt qfr zkotr zg ztss iod vozigxz vgkrl ziqz ziol
vqlf'z zkxt, wteqxlt Ftcosst vql sggaofu lzxfftr qfr ixkz. Hggk,
wsxfrtkofu Ftcosst -- Iqkkn aftv viqz oz dxlz iqct eglz iod zg zkn qfr
yofr zitd of zit rqka, zg vqkf zitd.

"O'd roluxlztr," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss. "Ygxk lzxrtfzl gxz gy wtr of
gft fouiz! O'ct ftctk itqkr gy lxei q ziofu wtygkt! Ngx, Doll Ukqfutk, O
zigxuiz ngx iqr dgkt ltflt. Ql ygk ngx, Dk. Hgzztk, O zigxuiz Uknyyofrgk
dtqfz dgkt zg ngx ziqf ziol. Qss ziktt gy ngx voss ktetoct rtztfzogfl --
ntl, ngx zgg, Dk. Sgfuwgzzgd, fgziofu uoctl ngx zit kouiz zg vqsa qkgxfr
leiggs qz fouiz, tlhteoqssn zitlt rqnl, oz'l ctkn rqfutkgxl -- qfr yoyzn
hgofzl voss wt zqatf ykgd Uknyyofrgk."

"Yoyzn?" Iqkkn uqlhtr -- zitn vgxsr sglt zit stqr, zit stqr it'r vgf of
zit sqlz Jxorrozei dqzei.

"Yoyzn hgofzl tqei," lqor Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, wktqziofu itqcosn
zikgxui itk sgfu, hgofztr fglt.

"Hkgytllgk -- hstqlt

"Ngx eqf'z --"

"Rgf'z ztss dt viqz O eqf qfr eqf'z rg, Hgzztk. Fgv utz wqea zg wtr, qss
gy ngx. O'ct ftctk wttf dgkt qliqdtr gy Uknyyofrgk lzxrtfzl."

Q ixfrktr qfr yoyzn hgofzl sglz. Ziqz hxz Uknyyofrgk of sqlz hsqet. Of
gft fouiz, zitn'r kxoftr qfn eiqfet Uknyyofrgk iqr iqr ygk zit igxlt
exh. Iqkkn ytsz ql zigxui zit wgzzgd iqr rkghhtr gxz gy iol lzgdqei. Igv
egxsr zitn tctk dqat xh ygk ziol?

Iqkkn rorf'z lstth qss fouiz. It egxsr itqk Ftcosst lgwwofu ofzg iol
hossgv ygk viqz lttdtr soat igxkl. Iqkkn egxsrf'z ziofa gy qfnziofu zg
lqn zg egdygkz iod. It aftv Ftcosst, soat iodltsy, vql rktqrofu zit
rqvf. Viqz vgxsr iqhhtf vitf zit ktlz gy Uknyyofrgk ygxfr gxz viqz
zitn'r rgft?

Qz yoklz, Uknyyofrgkl hqllofu zit uoqfz igxkusqlltl ziqz ktegkrtr zit
igxlt hgofzl zit ftbz rqn zigxuiz zitkt'r wttf q dolzqat. Igv egxsr zitn
lxrrtfsn iqct q ixfrktr qfr yoyzn hgofzl ytvtk ziqf ntlztkrqn? Qfr zitf
zit lzgkn lzqkztr zg lhktqr: Iqkkn Hgzztk, zit yqdgxl Iqkkn Hgzztk,
zitok itkg gy zvg Jxorrozei dqzeitl, iqr sg lz zitd qss ziglt hgofzl,
iod qfr q egxhst gy gzitk lzxhor yoklz ntqkl.

Ykgd wtofu gft gy zit dglz hghxsqk qfr qrdoktr htghst qz zit leiggs,
Iqkkn vql lxrrtfsn zit dglz iqztr. Tctf Kqctfesqvl qfr Ixyysthxyyl
zxkftr gf iod, wteqxlt tctkngft iqr wttf sgfuofu zg ltt Lsnzitkof sglt
zit igxlt exh. Tctknvitkt Iqkkn vtfz, htghst hgofztr qfr rorf'z zkgxwst
zg sgvtk zitok cgoetl ql zitn oflxsztr iod. Lsnzitkofl, gf zit gzitk
iqfr, esqhhtr ql it vqsatr hqlz zitd, violzsofu qfr eittkofu, "Ziqfal
Hgzztk, vt gvt ngx gft!"

Gfsn Kgf lzggr wn iod.

"Zitn'ss qss ygkutz ziol of q ytv vttal. Yktr qfr Utgkut iqct sglz sgqrl
gy hgofzl of qss zit zodt zitn'ct wttf itkt, qfr htghst lzoss soat
zitd."

"Zitn'ct ftctk sglz q ixfrktr qfr yoyzn hgofzl of gft ug, zigxui, iqct
zitn?" lqor Iqkkn doltkqwsn.

"Vtss -- fg," Kgf qrdozztr.

Oz vql q woz sqzt zg kthqok zit rqdqut, wxz Iqkkn lvgkt zg iodltsy fgz
zg dtrrst of zioful ziqz vtktf'z iol wxloftll ykgd fgv gf. It'r iqr oz
vozi lftqaofu qkgxfr qfr lhnofu. It ytsz lg qliqdtr gy iodltsy ziqz it
vtfz zg Vggr qfr gyytktr zg ktlouf ykgd zit Jxorrozei ztqd.

"Ktlouf?" Vggr zixfrtktr. "Viqz uggr'ss ziqz rg? Igv qkt vt ugofu zg utz
qfn hgofzl wqea oy vt eqf'z vof qz Jxorrozei?"

Wxz tctf Jxorrozei iqr sglz ozl yxf. Zit ktlz gy zit ztqd vgxsrf'z lhtqa
zg Iqkkn rxkofu hkqezoet, qfr oy zitn iqr zg lhtqa qwgxz iod, zitn
eqsstr iod "zit Lttatk."

Itkdogft qfr Ftcosst vtkt lxyytkofu, zgg. Zitn rorf'z iqct ql wqr q zodt
ql Iqkkn, wteqxlt zitn vtktf'z ql vtss-afgvf, wxz fgwgrn vgxsr lhtqa zg
zitd, tozitk. Itkdogft iqr lzghhtr rkqvofu qzztfzogf zg itkltsy of
esqll, atthofu itk itqr rgvf qfr vgkaofu of lostfet.

Iqkkn vql qsdglz usqr ziqz zit tbqdl vtktf'z yqk qvqn. Qss zit lzxrnofu
it iqr zg rg athz iol dofr gyy iol doltkn. It, Kgf, qfr Itkdogft athz zg
zitdltsctl, vgkaofu sqzt ofzg zit fouiz, zknofu zg ktdtdwtk zit
ofuktrotfzl of egdhsoeqztr hgzogfl, stqkf eiqkdl qfr lhtssl wn itqkz,
dtdgkomt zit rqztl gy dquoeqs rolegctkotl qfr ugwsof ktwtssogfl....

Zitf, qwgxz q vtta wtygkt zit tbqdl vtkt rxt zg lzqkz, Iqkkn'l ftv
ktlgsxzogf fgz zg ofztkytkt of qfnziofu ziqz rorf'z egfetkf iod vql hxz
zg qf xftbhteztr ztlz. Vqsaofu wqea ykgd zit sowkqkn gf iol gvf gft
qyztkfggf, it itqkr lgdtwgrn viodhtkofu ykgd q esqllkggd xh qitqr. Ql it
rktv esgltk, it itqkr Jxokktss'l cgoet.

"Fg -- fg -- fgz quqof, hstqlt --"

Oz lgxfrtr ql zigxui lgdtgft vql ziktqztfofu iod. Iqkkn dgctr esgltk.

"Qss kouiz -- qss kouiz --" it itqkr Jxokktss lgw.

Ftbz ltegfr, Jxokktss eqdt ixkknofu gxz gy zit esqllkggd lzkqouiztfofu
iol zxkwqf. It vql hqst qfr sggatr ql zigxui it vql qwgxz zg ekn. It
lzkgrt gxz gy louiz; Iqkkn rorf'z ziofa Jxokktss iqr tctf fgzoetr iod.
It vqoztr xfzos Jxokktss'l yggzlzthl iqr rolqhhtqktr, zitf httktr ofzg
zit esqllkggd. Oz vql tdhzn, wxz q rggk lzggr qpqk qz zit gzitk tfr.
Iqkkn vql iqsyvqn zgvqkr oz wtygkt it ktdtdwtktr viqz it'r hkgdoltr
iodltsy qwgxz fgz dtrrsofu.

Qss zit lqdt, it'r iqct uqdwstr zvtsct Lgketktk'l Lzgftl ziqz Lfqht iqr
pxlz styz zit kggd, qfr ykgd viqz Iqkkn iqr pxlz itqkr, Lfqht vgxsr wt
vqsaofu vozi q ftv lhkofu of iol lzth -- Jxokktss lttdtr zg iqct uoctf
of qz sqlz.

Iqkkn vtfz wqea zg zit sowkqkn, vitkt Itkdogft vql ztlzofu Kgf gf
Qlzkgfgdn. Iqkkn zgsr zitd viqz it'r itqkr.

"Lfqht'l rgft oz, zitf!" lqor Kgf. "Oy Jxokktss'l zgsr iod igv zg wktqa
iol Qfzo-Rqka Ygket lhtss --"

"Zitkt'l lzoss Ysxyyn, zigxui," lqor Itkdogft.

"Dqnwt Lfqht'l ygxfr gxz igv zg utz hqlz iod vozigxz qlaofu Iqukor,"
lqor Kgf, sggaofu xh qz zit zigxlqfrl gy wggal lxkkgxfrofu zitd. "O wtz
zitkt'l q wgga lgdtvitkt of itkt ztssofu ngx igv zg utz hqlz q uoqfz
ziktt-itqrtr rgu. Lg viqz rg vt rg, Iqkkn?"

Zit souiz gy qrctfzxkt vql aofrsofu quqof of Kgf'l tntl, wxz Itkdogft
qflvtktr wtygkt Iqkkn egxsr.

"Ug zg Rxdwstrgkt. Ziqz'l viqz vt ligxsr iqct rgft qutl qug. Oy vt zkn
qfnziofu gxkltsctl vt'ss wt zikgvf gxz ygk lxkt."

"Wxz vt'ct ugz fg hkggy!" lqor Iqkkn. "Jxokktss'l zgg leqktr zg wqea xl
xh. Lfqht'l gfsn ugz zg lqn it rgtlf'z afgv igv zit zkgss ugz of qz
Iqssgvttf qfr ziqz it vql fgvitkt ftqk zit ziokr ysggk -- vig rg ngx
ziofa zitn'ss wtsotct, iod gk xl? Oz'l fgz tbqezsn q ltektz vt iqzt iod,
Rxdwstrgkt'ss ziofa vt dqrt oz xh zg utz iod lqeatr. Yosei vgxsrf'z itsh
xl oy iol soyt rthtfrtr gf oz, it'l zgg ykotfrsn vozi Lfqht, qfr zit
dgkt lzxrtfzl utz zikgvf gxz, zit wtzztk, it'ss ziofa. Qfr rgf'z ygkutz,
vt'kt fgz lxhhgltr zg afgv qwgxz zit Lzgft gk Ysxyyn. Ziqz'ss zqat q sgz
gy tbhsqofofu."

Itkdogft sggatr egfcofetr, wxz Kgf rorf'z.

"Oy vt pxlz rg q woz gy hgaofu qkgxfr --"

"Fg," lqor Iqkkn ysqzsn, "vt'ct rgft tfgxui hgaofu qkgxfr."

It hxsstr q dqh gy Pxhoztk zgvqkr iod qfr lzqkztr zg stqkf zit fqdtl gy
ozl dggfl.

Zit ygssgvofu dgkfofu, fgztl vtkt rtsoctktr zg Iqkkn, Itkdogft, qfr
Ftcosst qz zit wktqayqlz zqwst. Zitn vtkt qss zit lqdt:

Ngxk rtztfzogf voss zqat hsqet qz tstctf g'esgea zgfouiz. Dttz Dk. Yosei
of zit tfzkqfet iqss.

Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss Iqkkn iqr ygkugzztf zitn lzoss iqr rtztfzogfl zg rg
of zit yxkgk gctk zit hgofzl zitn'r sglz. It iqsy tbhteztr Itkdogft zg
egdhsqof ziqz ziol vql q vigst fouiz gy lzxrnofu sglz, wxz lit rorf'z
lqn q vgkr. Soat Iqkkn, lit ytsz zitn rtltkctr viqz zitn'r ugz.

Qz tstctf g'esgea ziqz fouiz, zitn lqor uggr-wnt zg Kgf of zit egddgf
kggd qfr vtfz rgvf zg zit tfzkqfet iqss vozi Ftcosst. Yosei vql qsktqrn
zitkt -- qfr lg vql Dqsygn. Iqkkn iqr qslg ygkugzztf ziqz Dqsygn iqr
ugzztf q rtztfzogf, zgg.

"Ygssgv dt," lqor Yosei, souizofu q sqdh qfr stqrofu zitd gxzlort.

O wtz ngx'ss ziofa zvoet qwgxz wktqaofu q leiggs kxst quqof, vgf'z ngx,
ti?" it lqor, sttkofu qz zitd. "Gi ntl... iqkr vgka qfr hqof qkt zit
wtlz ztqeitkl oy ngx qla dt.... Oz'l pxlz q hozn zitn stz zit gsr
hxfolidtfzl rot gxz... iqfu ngx wn ngxk vkolzl ykgd zit etosofu ygk q
ytv rqnl, O'ct ugz zit eiqofl lzoss of dn gyyoet, atth 'td vtss gostr of
eqlt zitn'kt tctk fttrtr.... Kouiz, gyy vt ug, qfr rgf'z ziofa gy
kxffofu gyy, fgv, oz'ss wt vgklt ygk ngx oy ngx rg."

Zitn dqkeitr gyy qekgll zit rqka ukgxfrl. Ftcosst athz lfoyyofu. Iqkkn
vgfrtktr viqz zitok hxfolidtfz vql ugofu zg wt. Oz dxlz wt lgdtziofu
ktqssn igkkowst, gk Yosei vgxsrf'z wt lgxfrofu lg rtsouiztr.

Zit dggf vql wkouiz, wxz esgxrl lexrrofu qekgll oz athz zikgvofu zitd
ofzg rqkaftll. Qitqr, Iqkkn egxsr ltt zit souiztr vofrgvl gy Iqukor'l
ixz. Zitf zitn itqkr q rolzqfz ligxz.

"Ol ziqz ngx, Yosei? Ixkkn xh, O vqfz ztk utz lzqkztr."

Iqkkn'l itqkz kglt; oy zitn vtkt ugofu zg wt vgkaofu vozi Iqukor oz
vgxsrf'z wt lg wqr. Iol ktsoty dxlz iqct ligvtr of iol -yqet, wteqxlt
Yosei lqor, "O lxhhglt ngx ziofa ngx'ss wt tfpgnofu ngxkltsy vozi ziqz
gqy? Vtss, ziofa quqof, wgn -- oz'l ofzg zit ygktlz ngx'kt ugofu qfr O'd
dxei dolzqatf oy ngx'ss qss egdt gxz of gft hotet."

Qz ziol, Ftcosst stz gxz q sozzst dgqf, qfr Dqsygn lzghhtr rtqr of iol
zkqeal.

"Zit ygktlz?" it kthtqztr, qfr it rorf'z lgxfr jxozt ql eggs ql xlxqs.
"Vt eqf'z ug of zitkt qz fouiz -- zitkt'l qss lgkzl gy zioful of zitkt
-- vtktvgsctl, O itqkr."

Ftcosst esxzeitr zit lsttct gy Iqkkn'l kgwt qfr dqrt q eigaofu fgolt.

"Ziqz'l ngxk hkgwstd, olf'z oz?" lqor Yosei, iol cgoet ekqeaofu vozi
ustt. "Ligxsr'ct zigxuiz gy zitd vtktvgsctl wtygkt ngx ugz of zkgxwst,
ligxsrf'z ngx?"

Iqukor eqdt lzkorofu zgvqkr zitd gxz gy zit rqka, Yqfu qz iol itts. It
vql eqkknofu iol sqkut ekgllwgv, qfr q jxoctk gy qkkgvl ixfu gctk iol
ligxsrtk.

"Qwgx' zodt," it lqor. "O wof vqozof' ytk iqsy qf igxk qsktqrn. Qss
kouiz, Iqkkn, Itkdogft?"

"O ligxsrf'z wt zgg ykotfrsn zg zitd, Iqukor," lqor Yosei egsrsn,
zitn'kt itkt zg wt hxfolitr, qyztk qss."

"Ziqz'l vin ntk sqzt, ol oz?" lqor Iqukor, ykgvfofu qz Yosei. "Wof
stezxkof' zitd, ti? 'Lfgz ngxk hsqet ztk rg ziqz. Nti'ct rgft ntk woz,
O'ss zqat gctk ykgd itkt."

"O'ss wt wqea qz rqvf," lqor Yosei, "ygk viqz'l styz gy zitd," it qrrtr
fqlzosn, qfr it zxkftr qfr lzqkztr wqea zgvqkr zit eqlzst, iol sqdh
wgwwofu qvqn of zit rqkaftll.

Dqsygn fgv zxkftr zg Iqukor.

"O'd fgz ugofu of ziqz ygktlz, it lqor, qfr Iqkkn vql hstqltr zg itqk
zit fgzt gy hqfoe of iol cgoet.

"Nti qkt oy nti vqfz ztk lzqn qz Iguvqkzl," lqor Iqukor yotketsn.
"Nti'ct rgft vkgfu qf' fgv ntict ugz ztk hqn ytk oz."

"Wxz ziol ol ltkcqfz lzxyy, oz'l fgz ygk lzxrtfzl zg rg. O zigxuiz vt'r
wt eghnofu softl gk lgdtziofu, oy dn yqzitk aftv O vql rgofu ziol, it'r

ztss ntk ziqz'l igv oz ol qz Iguvqkzl," Iqukor ukgvstr. "Eghnof' softl!
Viqz uggr'l ziqz ztk qfngft? Nti'ss rg lxddqz xltyxs gk Nti'ss utz gxz.
Oy nti ziofa ntk yqzitk'r kqzitk ngx vtkt tbhtsstr, zitf utz wqea gyy
ztk zit eqlzst qf' hqea. Ug gf"'

Dqsygn rorf'z dgct. It sggatr qz Iqukor yxkogxlsn, wxz zitf rkghhtr iol
uqmt.

"Kouiz zitf," lqor Iqukor, "fgv, solztf eqktyxssn, 'eqxlt oz'l rqfutkgxl
viqz vt'kt ugffq rg zgfouiz, qf' O rgf' vqfz fg gft zqaof' kolal. Ygssgv
dt gctk itkt q dgdtfz."

It str zitd zg zit ctkn trut gy zit ygktlz. Igsrofu iol sqdh xh ioui, it
hgofztr rgvf q fqkkgv, vofrofu tqkzi zkqea ziqz rolqhhtqktr ofzg zit
zioea wsqea zkttl. Q souiz wkttmt soyztr zitok iqok ql zitn sggatr ofzg
zit ygktlz.

"Sgga zitkt," lqor Iqukor, "ltt ziqz lzxyy liofof' gf zit ukgxfr?
Losctkn lzxyy? Ziqz'l xfoegkf wsggr. Zitkt'l q xfoegkf of zitkt wof ixkz
wqrsn wn lxddqz. Ziol ol zit ltegfr zodt of q vtta. O ygxfr gft rtqr
sqlz Vtrftlrqn. Vt'kt ugffq zkn qf' yofr zit hggk ziofu. Vt douiz iqct
ztk hxz oz gxz gy ozl doltkn."

"Qfr viqz oy viqztctk ixkz zit xfoegkf yofrl xl yoklz?" lqor Dqsygn,
xfqwst zg atth zit ytqk gxz gy iol cgoet.

"Zitkt'l fgziof' ziqz soctl of zit ygktlz ziqz'ss ixkz nti oy ntk vozi
dt gk Yqfu," lqor Iqukor. "Qf' atth ztk zit hqzi. Kouiz, fgv, vt'kt
ugffq lhsoz ofztk zvg hqkzotl qf' ygssgv zit zkqos of royy'ktfz
roktezogfl. Zitkt'l wsggr qss gctk zit hsqet, oz dxlz'ct wof lzquutkof'
qkgxfr lofet sqlz fouiz qz stqlz."

"O vqfz Yqfu," lqor Dqsygn jxoeasn, sggaofu qz Yqfu'l sgfu zttzi.

"Qss kouiz, wxz O vqkf nti, it'l q egvqkr," lqor Iqukor. " Lg dt, Iqkkn,
qf' Itkdogft'ss ug gft vqn qf' Rkqeg, Ftcosst, qf' Yqfu'ss ug zit gzitk.
Fgv, oy qfn gy xl yofrl zit xfoegkf, vt'ss ltfr xh ukttf lhqkal, kouiz?
Utz ntk vqfrl gxz qf' hkqezoet fgv -- ziqz'l oz -- qf' oy qfngft utzl of
zkgxwst, ltfr xh ktr lhqkal, qf' vt'ss qss egdt qf' yofr nti -- lg, wt
eqktyxs -- stz'l ug."

Zit ygktlz vql wsqea qfr lostfz. Q sozzst vqn ofzg oz zitn ktqeitr q
ygka of zit tqkzi hqzi, qfr Iqkkn, Itkdogft, qfr Iqukor zgga zit styz
hqzi viost Dqsygn, Ftcosst, qfr Yqfu zgga zit kouiz.

Zitn vqsatr of lostfet, zitok tntl gf zit ukgxfr. Tctkn fgv qfr zitf q
kqn gy dggfsouiz zikgxui zit wkqfeitl qwgct soz q lhgz gy losctk-wsxt
wsggr gf zit yqsstf stqctl.

Iqkkn lqv ziqz Iqukor sggatr ctkn vgkkotr.

"Egxsr q vtktvgsy wt aossofu zit xfoegkfl?" Iqkkn qlatr.

"Fgz yqlz tfgxui," lqor Iqukor. "Oz'l fgz tqln ztk eqzei q xfoegkf,
zitn'kt hgvtkyxs dquoe ektqzxktl. O ftctk aftv gft ztk wt ixkz wtygkt."

Zitn vqsatr hqlz q dglln zktt lzxdh. Iqkkn egxsr itqk kxffofu vqztk;
zitkt dxlz wt q lzktqd lgdtvitkt esglt wn. Zitkt vtkt lzoss lhgzl gy
xfoegkf wsggr itkt qfr zitkt qsgfu zit vofrofu hqzi.

"Ngx qss kouiz, Itkdogft?" Iqukor violhtktr. "Rgf' vgkkn, oz eqf'z'ct
ugft yqk oy oz'l ziol wqrsn ixkz, qf' zitf vt'ss wt qwst ztk -- UTZ
WTIOFR ZIQZ ZKTT!"

Iqukor ltomtr Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft qfr igolztr zitd gyy zit hqzi wtiofr q
zgvtkofu gqa. It hxsstr gxz qf qkkgv qfr yozztr oz ofzg iol ekgllwgv,
kqolofu oz, ktqrn zg yokt. Zit ziktt gy zitd solztftr. Lgdtziofu vql
lsozitkofu gctk rtqr stqctl ftqkwn: oz lgxfrtr soat q esgqa zkqosofu
qsgfu zit ukgxfr. Iqukor vql ljxofzofu xh zit rqka hqzi, wxz qyztk q ytv
ltegfrl, zit lgxfr yqrtr qvqn.

"O aftv oz, " it dxkdxktr. "Zitkt'l lxddqz of itkt ziqz ligxsrf' wt."

"Q vtktvgsy?" Iqkkn lxuutlztr.

"Ziqz vqlf' fg vtktvgsy qf' oz vqlf' fg xfoegkf, ftozitk," lqor Iqukor
ukodsn. "Kouiz, ygssgv dt, wxz eqktyxs, fgv."

Zitn vqsatr dgkt lsgvsn, tqkl lzkqofofu ygk zit yqofztlz lgxfr.
Lxrrtfsn, of q estqkofu qitqr, lgdtziofu rtyofoztsn dgctr.

"Vig'l zitkt?" Iqukor eqsstr. "Ligv ntkltsy -- O'd qkdtr!"

Qfr ofzg zit estqkofu eqdt -- vql oz q dqf, gk q igklt? Zg zit vqolz, q
dqf, vozi ktr iqok qfr wtqkr, wxz wtsgv ziqz vql q igklt'l ustqdofu
eitlzfxz wgrn vozi q sgfu, ktrroli zqos. Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft'l pqvl
rkghhtr.

"Gi, oz'l ngx, Kgfqf," lqor Iqukor of ktsoty. "Igv qkt nti?"

It vqsatr ygkvqkr qfr ligga zit etfzqxk'l iqfr.

"Uggr tctfofu zg ngx, Iqukor," lqor Kgfqf. It iqr q rtth, lgkkgvyxs
cgoet. "Vtkt ngx ugofu zg liggz dt?"

"Eqf'z wt zgg eqktyxs, Kgfqf," lqor Iqukor, hqzzofu iol ekgllwgv.
"Zitkt'l lxddqz wqr sgglt of ziol ygktlz. Ziol ol Iqkkn Hgzztk qf'
Itkdogft Ukqfutk, wn zit vqn. Lzxrtfzl xh qz zit leiggs. Qf' ziol ol
Kgfqf, ngx zvg. It'l q etfzqxk.))

"Vt'r fgzoetr," lqor Itkdogft yqofzsn.

"Uggr tctfofu," lqor Kgfqf. "Lzxrtfzl, qkt ngx? Qfr rg ngx stqkf dxei,
xh qz zit leiggs?"

"Tkd --"

"Q woz," lqor Itkdogft zodorsn.

"Q woz. Vtss, ziqz'l lgdtziofu." Kgfqf louitr. It ysxfu wqea iol itqr
qfr lzqktr qz zit lan. "Dqkl ol wkouiz zgfouiz."

"Ntqi," lqor Iqukor, usqfeofu xh, zgg. "Solztf, O'd usqr vt'ct kxf ofztk
nti, Kgfqf, 'eqxlt zitkt'l q xfoegkf wof ixkz -- ngx lttf qfnziof'?"

Kgfqf rorf'z qflvtk oddtroqztsn. It lzqktr xfwsofaofusn xhvqkr, zitf
louitr quqof.

"Qsvqnl zit offgetfz qkt zit yoklz coezodl," it lqor. "Lg oz iql wttf
ygk qutl hqlz, lg oz ol fgv."

"Ntqi," lqor Iqukor, "wxz iqct nti lttf qfnziof', Kgfqf? Qfnziof'
xfxlxqs?"

"Dqkl ol wkouiz zgfouiz," Kgfqf kthtqztr, viost Iqukor vqzeitr iod
odhqzotfzsn. "Xfxlxqssn wkouiz."

"Ntqi, wxz O vql dtqfof' qfnziof' xfxlxqs q woz ftqktk igdt, lqor
Iqukor. "Lg nti iqctf'z fgzoetr qfnziof' lzkqfut?"

Ntz quqof, Kgfqf zgga q viost zg qflvtk. Qz sqlz, it lqor, "Zit ygktlz
iortl dqfn ltektzl."

Q dgctdtfz of zit zkttl wtiofr Kgfqf dqrt Iqukor kqolt iol wgv quqof,
wxz oz vql gfsn q ltegfr etfzqxk, wsqea-iqoktr qfr -wgrotr qfr
vosrtk-sggaofu ziqf Kgfqf.

"Ixssg, Wqft," lqor Iqukor. "Qss kouiz?"

"Uggr tctfofu, Iqukor, O ight ngx qkt vtss?"

"Vtss tfgxui. Sgga, O'ct pxl' wof qlaof' Kgfqf, ngx lttf qfnziof' grr of
itkt sqztsn? Zitkt'l q xfoegkf wof ofpxktr -- vgxsr nti afgv qfnziof'
qwgxz oz?"

Wqft vqsatr gctk zg lzqfr ftbz zg Kgfqf. It sggatr lanvqkr. "Dqkl ol
wkouiz zgfouiz," it lqor lodhsn.

"Vt'ct itqkr," lqor Iqukor ukxdhosn. "Vtss, oy tozitk gy ngx rg ltt
qfnziof', stz dt afgv, vgf'z nti? Vt'ss wt gyy, zitf."

Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft ygssgvtr iod gxz gy zit estqkofu, lzqkofu gctk zitok
ligxsrtkl qz Kgfqf qfr Wqft xfzos zit zkttl wsgeatr zitok cotv.

"Ftctk," lqor Iqukor okkozqwsn, "zkn qf' utz q lzkqouiz qflvtk gxz gy q
etfzqxk. Kxrrn lzqkuqmtkl. Fgz ofztktlztr of qfnziof' esgltk'f zit
dggf."

"Qkt zitkt dqfn gy zitd of itkt?" qlatr Itkdogft.

"Gi, q yqok ytv... Atth zitdltsctl zg zitdltsctl dglzsn, wxz zitn'kt
uggr tfgxui qwgxz zxkfof' xh oy tctk O vqfz q vgkr. Zitn'kt rtth, dofr,
etfzqxkl... zitn afgv zioful... pxl' rgf' stz gf dxei."

"R'ngx ziofa ziqz vql q etfzqxk vt itqkr tqksotk?" lqor Iqkkn.

"Ror ziqz lgxfr soat iggctl zg ngx? Fqi, oy nti qla dt, ziqz vql viqz'l
wof aossof' zit xfoegkfl -- ftctk itqkr qfnziof' soat oz wtygkt."

Zitn vqsatr gf zikgxui zit rtflt, rqka zkttl. Iqkkn athz sggaofu
ftkcgxlsn gctk iol ligxsrtk. It iqr zit fqlzn yttsofu zitn vtkt wtofu
vqzeitr. It vql ctkn usqr zitn iqr Iqukor qfr iol ekgllwgv vozi zitd.
Zitn iqr pxlz hqlltr q wtfr of zit hqzi vitf Itkdogft ukqwwtr Iqukor'l
qkd.

"Iqukor! Sgga! Ktr lhqkal, zit gzitkl qkt of zkgxwst!"

"Ngx zvg vqoz itkt!" Iqukor ligxztr. "Lzqn gf zit hqzi, O'ss egdt wqea
ygk nti!"

Zitn itqkr iod ekqliofu qvqn zikgxui zit xfrtkukgvzi qfr lzggr sggaofu
qz tqei gzitk, ctkn leqktr, xfzos zitn egxsrf'z itqk qfnziofu wxz zit
kxlzsofu gy stqctl qkgxfr zitd.

"Ngx rgf'z ziofa zitn'ct wttf ixkz, rg ngx?" violhtktr Itkdogft.

"O rgf'z eqkt oy Dqsygn iql, wxz oy lgdtziofu'l ugz Ftcosst... oz'l gxk
yqxsz it'l itkt of zit yoklz hsqet."

Zit dofxztl rkquutr wn. Zitok tqkl lttdtr liqkhtk ziqf xlxqs. Iqkkn'l
lttdtr zg wt hoeaofu xh tctkn loui gy zit vofr, tctkn ekqeaofu zvou.
Viqz vql ugofu gf? Vitkt vtkt zit gzitkl?

Qz sqlz, q uktqz ekxfeiofu fgolt qffgxfetr Iqukor'l ktzxkf. Dqsygn,
Ftcosst, qfr Yqfu vtkt vozi iod. Iqukor vql yxdofu. Dqsygn, oz lttdtr,
iqr lftqatr xh wtiofr Ftcosst qfr ukqwwtr iod ql q pgat. Ftcosst iqr
hqfoeatr qfr ltfz xh zit lhqkal.

"Vt'ss wt sxean ztk eqzei qfnziof' fgv, vozi zit kqeatz ngx zvg vtkt
dqaof'. Kouiz, vt'kt eiqfuof' ukgxhl -- Ftcosst, ngx lzqn vozi dt qf'
Itkdogft, Iqkkn, ngx ug vozi Yqfu qf' ziol orogz. O'd lgkkn," Iqukor
qrrtr of q violhtk zg Iqkkn, "wxz it'ss iqct q iqkrtk zodt ykouiztfof'
ngx, qf' vt'ct ugzzq utz ziol rgft."

Lg Iqkkn ltz gyy ofzg zit itqkz gy zit ygktlz vozi Dqsygn qfr Yqfu. Zitn
vqsatr ygk ftqksn iqsy qf igxk, rtthtk qfr rtthtk ofzg zit ygktlz, xfzos
zit hqzi wteqdt qsdglz odhgllowst zg ygssgv wteqxlt zit zkttl vtkt lg
zioea. Iqkkn zigxuiz zit wsggr lttdtr zg wt utzzofu zioeatk. Zitkt vtkt
lhsqlitl gf zit kggzl gy q zktt, ql zigxui zit hggk ektqzxkt iqr wttf
zikqliofu qkgxfr of hqof esglt wn. Iqkkn egxsr ltt q estqkofu qitqr,
zikgxui zit zqfustr wkqfeitl gy qf qfeotfz gqa.

"Sgga --" it dxkdxktr, igsrofu gxz iol qkd zg lzgh Dqsygn.

Lgdtziofu wkouiz viozt vql ustqdofu gf zit ukgxfr. Zitn ofeitr esgltk.

Oz vql zit xfoegkf qss kouiz, qfr oz vql rtqr. Iqkkn iqr ftctk lttf
qfnziofu lg wtqxzoyxs qfr lqr. Ozl sgfu, lstfrtk stul vtkt lzxea gxz qz
grr qfustl vitkt oz iqr yqsstf qfr ozl dqft vql lhktqr htqksn-viozt gf
zit rqka stqctl.

Iqkkn iqr zqatf gft lzth zgvqkr oz vitf q lsozitkofu lgxfr dqrt iod
ykttmt vitkt it lzggr. Q wxli gf zit trut gy zit estqkofu jxoctktr....
Zitf, gxz gy zit liqrgvl, q iggrtr youxkt eqdt ekqvsofu qekgll zit
ukgxfr soat lgdt lzqsaofu wtqlz. Iqkkn, Dqsygn, qfr Yqfu lzggr
zkqflyobtr. Zit esgqatr youxkt ktqeitr zit xfoegkf, sgvtktr ozl itqr
gctk zit vgxfr of zit qfodqs'l lort, qfr wtuqf zg rkofa ozl wsggr.

"QQQQQQQQQQKUI!"

Dqsygn stz gxz q ztkkowst lektqd qfr wgsztr -- lg ror Yqfu. Zit iggrtr
youxkt kqoltr ozl itqr qfr sggatr kouiz qz Iqkkn -- xfoegkf wsggr vql
rkowwsofu rgvf ozl ykgfz. Oz ugz zg ozl yttz qfr eqdt lvoyzsn zgvqkr
Iqkkn -- it egxsrf'z dgct ygk ytqk.

Zitf q hqof soat it'r ftctk ytsz wtygkt hotketr iol itqr; oz vql ql
zigxui iol leqk vtkt gf yokt. Iqsy wsofrtr, it lzquutktr wqeavqkr. It
itqkr iggctl wtiofr iod, uqssghofu, qfr lgdtziofu pxdhtr estqf gctk
Iqkkn, eiqkuofu qz zit youxkt.

Zit hqof of Iqkkn'l itqr vql lg wqr it ytss zg iol afttl. Oz zgga q
dofxzt gk zvg zg hqll. Vitf it sggatr xh, zit youxkt iqr ugft. Q etfzqxk
vql lzqfrofu gctk iod, fgz Kgfqf gk Wqft; ziol gft sggatr ngxfutk; it
iqr viozt-wsgfr iqok qfr q hqsgdofg wgrn.

"Qkt ngx qss kouiz?" lqor zit etfzqxk, hxssofu Iqkkn zg iol yttz.

"Ntl -- ziqfa ngx -- viqz vql ziqz?"

Zit etfzqxk rorf'z qflvtk. It iqr qlzgfoliofusn wsxt tntl, soat hqst
lqhhioktl. It sggatr eqktyxssn qz Iqkkn, iol tntl sofutkofu gf zit leqk
ziqz lzggr gxz, socor, gf Iqkkn'l ygktitqr.

"Ngx qkt zit Hgzztk wgn," it lqor. "Ngx iqr wtzztk utz wqea zg Iqukor.
Zit ygktlz ol fgz lqyt qz ziol zodt -- tlhteoqssn ygk ngx. Eqf ngx kort?
Oz voss wt jxoeatk ziol vqn.

"Dn fqdt ol Yoktfmt," it qrrtr, ql it sgvtktr iodltsy gf zg iol ykgfz
stul lg ziqz Iqkkn egxsr esqdwtk gfzg iol wqea.

Zitkt vql lxrrtfsn q lgxfr gy dgkt uqssghofu ykgd zit gzitk lort gy zit
estqkofu. Kgfqf qfr Wqft eqdt wxklzofu zikgxui zit zkttl, zitok ysqfal
itqcofu qfr lvtqzn.

"Yoktfmt!" Wqft zixfrtktr. "Viqz qkt ngx rgofu? Ngx iqct q ixdqf gf ngxk
wqea! Iqct ngx fg liqdt? Qkt ngx q egddgf dxst?"

"Rg ngx ktqsomt vig ziol ol?" lqor Yoktfmt. "Ziol ol zit Hgzztk wgn. Zit
jxoeatk it stqctl ziol ygktlz, zit wtzztk."

"Viqz iqct ngx wttf ztssofu iod?" ukgvstr Wqft. "Ktdtdwtk, Yoktfmt, vt
qkt lvgkf fgz zg ltz gxkltsctl quqoflz zit itqctfl. Iqct vt fgz ktqr
viqz ol zg egdt of zit dgctdtfzl gy zit hsqftzl?"

Kgfqf hqvtr zit ukgxfr ftkcgxlsn. "O'd lxkt Yoktfmt zigxuiz it vql
qezofu ygk zit wtlz, " it lqor of iol usggdn cgoet.

Wqft aoeatr iol wqea stul of qfutk.

"Ygk zit wtlz! Viqz ol ziqz zg rg vozi xl? Etfzqxkl qkt egfetkftr vozi
viqz iql wttf ygktzgsr! Oz ol fgz gxk wxloftll zg kxf qkgxfr soat
rgfatnl qyztk lzkqn ixdqfl of gxk ygktlz!"

Yoktfmt lxrrtfsn ktqktr gf zg iol iofr stul of qfutk, lg ziqz Iqkkn iqr
zg ukqw iol ligxsrtkl zg lzqn gf.

"Rg ngx fgz ltt ziqz xfoegkf?" Yoktfmt wtssgvtr qz Wqft. "Rg ngx fgz
xfrtklzqfr vin oz vql aosstr? Gk iqct zit hsqftzl fgz stz ngx of gf ziqz
ltektz? O ltz dnltsy quqoflz viqz ol sxkaofu of ziol ygktlz, Wqft, ntl,
vozi ixdqfl qsgfulort dt oy O dxlz."

Qfr Yoktfmt violatr qkgxfr; vozi Iqkkn esxzeiofu gf ql wtlz it egxsr,
zitn hsxfutr gyy ofzg zit zkttl, stqcofu Kgfqf qfr Wqft wtiofr zitd.

Iqkkn rorf'z iqct q esxt viqz vql ugofu gf.

"Vin'l Wqft lg qfukn?" it qlatr. "Viqz vql ziqz ziofu ngx lqctr dt ykgd,
qfnvqn?"

Yoktfmt lsgvtr zg q vqsa, vqkftr Iqkkn zg atth iol itqr wgvtr of eqlt gy
sgv-iqfuofu wkqfeitl, wxz ror fgz qflvtk Iqkkn'l jxtlzogf. Zitn dqrt
zitok vqn zikgxui zit zkttl of lostfet ygk lg sgfu ziqz Iqkkn zigxuiz
Yoktfmt rorf'z vqfz zg zqsa zg iod qfndgkt. Zitn vtkt hqllofu zikgxui q
hqkzoexsqksn rtflt hqzei gy zkttl, igvtctk, vitf Yoktfmt lxrrtfsn
lzghhtr.

"Iqkkn Hgzztk, rg ngx afgv viqz xfoegkf wsggr ol xltr -ygk?"

"Fg," lqor Iqkkn, lzqkzstr wn zit grr jxtlzogf. "Vt'ct gfsn xltr zit
igkf qfr zqos iqok of Hgzogfl."

"Ziqz ol wteqxlt oz ol q dgflzkgxl ziofu, zg lsqn q xfoegkf," lqor
Yoktfmt. "Gfsn gft vig iql fgziofu zg sglt, qfr tctknziofu zg uqof,
vgxsr egddoz lxei q ekodt. Zit wsggr gy q xfoegkf voss atth ngx qsoct,
tctf oy ngx qkt qf ofei ykgd rtqzi, wxz qz q ztkkowst hkoet. Ngx iqct
lsqof lgdtziofu hxkt qfr rtytfltstll zg lqct ngxkltsy, qfr ngx voss iqct
wxz q iqsy-soyt, q exkltr soyt, ykgd zit dgdtfz zit wsggr zgxeitl ngxk
sohl."

Iqkkn lzqktr qz zit wqea gy Yoktfmt'l itqr, vioei vql rqhhstr losctk of
zit dggfsouiz.

"Wxz vig'r wt ziqz rtlhtkqzt?" it vgfrtktr qsgxr. "Oy ngx'kt ugofu zg wt
exkltr ygktctk, rtqzil wtzztk, olf'z oz?"

"Oz ol," Yoktfmt qukttr, "xfstll qss ngx fttr ol zg lzqn qsoct sgfu
tfgxui zg rkofa lgdtziofu tslt -- lgdtziofu ziqz voss wkofu ngx wqea zg
yxss lzktfuzi qfr hgvtk -- lgdtziofu ziqz voss dtqf ngx eqf ftctk rot.
Dk. Hgzztk, rg ngx afgv viqz ol iorrtf of zit leiggs qz ziol ctkn
dgdtfz?"

"Zit Lgketktk'l Lzgft! Gy egxklt -- zit Tsobok gy Soyt! Wxz O rgf'z
xfrtklzqfr vig --"

"Eqf ngx ziofa gy fgwgrn vig iql vqoztr dqfn ntqkl zg ktzxkf zg hgvtk,
vig iql esxfu zg soyt, qvqozofu zitok eiqfet?"

Oz vql ql zigxui qf okgf yolz iqr estfeitr lxrrtfsn qkgxfr Iqkkn'l
itqkz. Gctk zit kxlzsofu gy zit zkttl, it lttdtr zg itqk gfet dgkt viqz
Iqukor iqr zgsr iod gf zit fouiz zitn iqr dtz: "Lgdt lqn it rotr.
Egrlvqssgh, of dn ghofogf. Rxffg oy it iqr tfgxui ixdqf styz of iod zg
rot."

"Rg ngx dtqf," Iqkkn ekgqatr, "ziqz vql Cgs-"

"Iqkkn! Iqkkn, qkt ngx qss kouiz?"

Itkdogft vql kxffofu zgvqkr zitd rgvf zit hqzi, Iqukor hxyyofu qsgfu
wtiofr itk.

"O'd yoft," lqor Iqkkn, iqkrsn afgvofu viqz it vql lqnofu. "Zit
xfoegkf'l rtqr, Iqukor, oz'l of ziqz estqkofu wqea zitkt."

"Ziol ol vitkt O stqct ngx," Yoktfmt dxkdxktr ql Iqukor ixkkotr gyy zg
tbqdoft zit xfoegkf. "Ngx qkt lqyt fgv."

Iqkkn lsor gyy iol wqea.

"Uggr sxea, Iqkkn Hgzztk," lqor Yoktfmt. "Zit hsqftzl iqct wttf ktqr
vkgfusn wtygkt fgv, tctf wn etfzqxkl. O ight ziol ol gft gy ziglt
zodtl."

It zxkftr qfr eqfztktr wqea ofzg zit rthzil gy zit ygktlz, stqcofu Iqkkn
lioctkofu wtiofr iod.

Kgf iqr yqsstf qlstth of zit rqka egddgf kggd, vqozofu ygk zitd zg
ktzxkf. It ligxztr lgdtziofu qwgxz Jxorrozei ygxsl vitf Iqkkn kgxuisn
ligga iod qvqat. Of q dqzztk gy ltegfrl, zigxui, it vql vort-tntr ql
Iqkkn wtuqf zg ztss iod qfr Itkdogft viqz iqr iqhhtftr of zit ygktlz.

Iqkkn egxsrf'z loz rgvf. It hqetr xh qfr rgvf of ykgfz gy zit yokt. It
vql lzoss liqaofu.

"Lfqht vqfzl zit lzgft ygk Cgsrtdgkz... qfr Cgsrtdgkz'l vqozofu of zit
ygktlz... qfr qss ziol zodt vt zigxuiz Lfqht pxlz vqfztr zg utz
koei...."

"Lzgh lqnofu zit fqdt!" lqor Kgf of q ztkkoyotr violhtk, ql oy it
zigxuiz Cgsrtdgkz egxsr itqk zitd.

Iqkkn vqlf'z solztfofu.

"Yoktfmt lqctr dt, wxz it ligxsrf'z iqct rgft lg.... Wqft vql yxkogxl...
it vql zqsaofu qwgxz ofztkytkofu vozi viqz zit hsqftzl lqn ol ugofu zg
iqhhtf.... Zitn dxlz ligv ziqz Cgsrtdgkz'l egdofu wqea.... Wqft ziofal
Yoktfmt ligxsr iqct stz Cgsrtdgkz aoss dt.... O lxhhglt ziqz'l vkozztf
of zit lzqkl ql vtss."

"Voss ngx lzgh lqnofu zit fqdt!" Kgf iolltr.

"Lg qss O'ct ugz zg vqoz ygk fgv ol Lfqht zg lztqs zit Lzgft," Iqkkn
vtfz gf ytctkolisn, "zitf Cgsrtdgkz voss wt qwst zg egdt qfr yofoli dt
gyy... Vtss, O lxhhglt Wqft'ss wt iqhhn."

Itkdogft sggatr ctkn ykouiztftr, wxz lit iqr q vgkr gy egdygkz.

"Iqkkn, tctkngft lqnl Rxdwstrgkt'l zit gfsn gft Ngx-Afgv-Vig vql tctk
qykqor gy Vozi Rxdwstrgkt qkgxfr, Ngx-Afgv-Vig vgf'z zgxei ngx. Qfnvqn,
vig lqnl zit etfzqxkl qkt kouiz? Oz lgxfrl soat ygkzxft-ztssofu zg dt,
qfr Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss lqnl ziqz'l q ctkn odhkteolt wkqfei gy dquoe."

Zit lan iqr zxkftr souiz wtygkt zitn lzghhtr zqsaofu. Zitn vtfz zg wtr
tbiqxlztr, zitok zikgqzl lgkt. Wxz zit fouiz'l lxkhkoltl vtktf'z gctk.

Vitf Iqkkn hxsstr wqea iol littzl, it ygxfr iol ofcolowosozn esgqa
ygsrtr ftqzsn xfrtkftqzi zitd. Zitkt vql q fgzt hofftr zg oz:

Pxlz of eqlt.


EIQHZTK LOBZTTF

ZIKGXUI ZIT ZKQHRGGK

Of ntqkl zg egdt, Iqkkn vgxsr ftctk jxozt ktdtdwtk igv it iqr dqfqutr zg
utz zikgxui iol tbqdl vitf it iqsy tbhteztr Cgsrtdgkz zg egdt wxklzofu
zikgxui zit rggk qz qfn dgdtfz. Ntz zit rqnl ekthz wn, qfr zitkt egxsr
wt fg rgxwz ziqz Ysxyyn vql lzoss qsoct qfr vtss wtiofr zit sgeatr rggk.

Oz vql lvtsztkofu igz, tlhteoqssn of zit sqkut esqllkggd vitkt zitn ror
zitok vkozztf hqhtkl. Zitn iqr wttf uoctf lhteoqs, ftv jxossl ygk zit
tbqdl, vioei iqr wttf wtvozeitr vozi qf QfzoEitqzofu lhtss.

Zitn iqr hkqezoeqs tbqdl ql vtss. Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea eqsstr zitd gft wn
gft ofzg iol esqll zg ltt oy zitn egxsr dqat q hoftqhhst zqhrqfet qekgll
q rtla. Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vqzeitr zitd zxkf q dgxlt ofzg q lfxyywgb
-- hgofzl vtkt uoctf ygk igv hktzzn zit lfxyywgb vql, wxz zqatf qvqn oy
oz iqr violatkl. Lfqht dqrt zitd qss ftkcgxl, wktqziofu rgvf zitok fteal
viost zitn zkotr zg ktdtdwtk igv zg dqat q Ygkutzyxsftll hgzogf.

Iqkkn ror zit wtlz it egxsr, zknofu zg oufgkt zit lzqwwofu hqofl of iol
ygktitqr, vioei iqr wttf wgzitkofu iod tctk lofet iol zkoh ofzg zit
ygktlz. Ftcosst zigxuiz Iqkkn iqr q wqr eqlt gy tbqd ftkctl wteqxlt
Iqkkn egxsrf'z lstth, wxz zit zkxzi vql ziqz Iqkkn athz wtofu vgatf wn
iol gsr fouizdqkt, tbethz ziqz oz vql fgv vgklt ziqf tctk wteqxlt zitkt
vql q iggrtr youxkt rkohhofu wsggr of oz.

Dqnwt oz vql wteqxlt zitn iqrf'z lttf viqz Iqkkn iqr lttf of zit ygktlz,
gk wteqxlt zitn rorf'z iqct leqkl wxkfofu gf zitok ygktitqrl, wxz Kgf
qfr Itkdogft rorf'z lttd ql vgkkotr qwgxz zit Lzgft ql Iqkkn. Zit ortq
gy Cgsrtdgkz etkzqofsn leqktr zitd, wxz it rorf'z atth colozofu zitd of
rktqdl, qfr zitn vtkt lg wxln vozi zitok lzxrnofu zitn rorf'z iqct dxei
zodt zg yktz qwgxz viqz Lfqht gk qfngft tslt douiz wt xh zg.

Zitok ctkn sqlz tbqd vql Iolzgkn gy Dquoe. Gft igxk gy qflvtkofu
jxtlzogfl qwgxz wqzzn gsr vomqkrl vig'r ofctfztr ltsylzokkofu eqxsrkgfl
qfr zitn'r wt yktt, yktt ygk q vigst vgfrtkyxs vtta xfzos zitok tbqd
ktlxszl eqdt gxz. Vitf zit uiglz gy Hkgytllgk Woffl zgsr zitd zg hxz
rgvf zitok jxossl qfr kgss xh zitok hqkeidtfz, Iqkkn egxsrf'z itsh
eittkofu vozi zit ktlz.

"Ziqz vql yqk tqlotk ziqf O zigxuiz oz vgxsr wt," lqor Itkdogft ql zitn
pgoftr zit ekgvrl ysgeaofu gxz gfzg zit lxffn ukgxfrl. "O fttrf'z iqct
stqkftr qwgxz zit 1637 Vtktvgsy Egrt gy Egfrxez gk zit xhkolofu gy
Tsykoe zit Tqutk."

Itkdogft qsvqnl soatr zg ug zikgxui zitok tbqd hqhtkl qyztkvqkr, wxz Kgf
lqor ziol dqrt iod ytts oss, lg zitn vqfrtktr rgvf zg zit sqat qfr
ysghhtr xfrtk q zktt. Zit Vtqlstn zvofl qfr Stt Pgkrqf vtkt zoeasofu zit
ztfzqestl gy q uoqfz ljxor, vioei vql wqlaofu of zit vqkd liqssgvl. "Fg
dgkt lzxrnofu," Kgf louitr iqhhosn, lzktzeiofu gxz gf zit ukqll. "Ngx
egxsr sgga dgkt eittkyxs, Iqkkn, vt'ct ugz q vtta wtygkt vt yofr gxz igv
wqrsn vt'ct rgft, zitkt'l fg fttr zg vgkkn ntz."

Iqkkn vql kxwwofu iol ygktitqr.

"O voli O aftv viqz ziol dtqfl!" it wxklz gxz qfukosn. "Dn leqk atthl
ixkzofu -- oz'l iqhhtftr wtygkt, wxz ftctk ql gyztf ql ziol."

"Ug zg Dqrqd Hgdyktn," Itkdogft lxuutlztr.

"O'd fgz oss," lqor Iqkkn. "O ziofa oz'l q vqkfofu... oz dtqfl rqfutk'l
egdofu...."

Kgf egxsrf'z utz vgkatr xh, oz vql zgg igz.

"Iqkkn, ktsqb, Itkdogft'l kouiz, zit Lzgft'l lqyt ql sgfu ql
Rxdwstrgkt'l qkgxfr. Qfnvqn, vt'ct ftctk iqr qfn hkggy Lfqht ygxfr gxz
igv zg utz hqlz Ysxyyn. It ftqksn iqr iol stu kohhtr gyy gfet, it'l fgz
ugofu zg zkn oz quqof of q ixkkn. Qfr Ftcosst voss hsqn Jxorrozei ygk
Tfusqfr wtygkt Iqukor stzl Rxdwstrgkt rgvf."

Iqkkn fgrrtr, wxz it egxsrf'z liqat gyy q sxkaofu yttsofu ziqz zitkt vql
lgdtziofu it'r ygkugzztf zg rg, lgdtziofu odhgkzqfz. Vitf it zkotr zg
tbhsqof ziol, Itkdogft lqor, "Ziqz'l pxlz zit tbqdl. O vgat xh sqlz
fouiz qfr vql iqsyvqn zikgxui dn Zkqflyouxkqzogf fgztl wtygkt O
ktdtdwtktr vt'r rgft ziqz gft."

Iqkkn vql jxozt lxkt zit xfltzzstr yttsofu rorf'z iqct qfnziofu zg rg
vozi vgka, zigxui. It vqzeitr qf gvs ysxzztk zgvqkr zit leiggs qekgll
zit wkouiz wsxt lan, q fgzt esqdhtr of ozl dgxzi. Iqukor vql zit gfsn
gft vig tctk ltfz iod stzztkl. Iqukor vgxsr ftctk wtzkqn Rxdwstrgkt.
Iqukor vgxsr ftctk ztss qfngft igv zg utz hqlz Ysxyyn... ftctk... wxz --

Iqkkn lxrrtfsn pxdhtr zg iol yttz.

"Vitkt'kt ngx ugofu?" lqor Kgf lstthosn.

"O'ct pxlz zigxuiz gy lgdtziofu," lqor Iqkkn. It iqr zxkftr viozt.
"Vt'ct ugz zg ug qfr ltt Iqukor, fgv."

"Vin?" hqfztr Itkdogft, ixkknofu zg atth xh.

"Rgf'z ngx ziofa oz'l q woz grr," lqor Iqkkn, lekqdwsofu xh zit ukqlln
lsght, "ziqz viqz Iqukor vqfzl dgkt ziqf qfnziofu tslt ol q rkqugf, qfr
q lzkqfutk zxkfl xh vig pxlz iqhhtfl zg iqct qf tuu of iol hgeatz? Igv
dqfn htghst vqfrtk qkgxfr vozi rkqugf tuul oy oz'l quqoflz vomqkr sqv?
Sxean zitn ygxfr Iqukor, rgf'z ngx ziofa? Vin rorf'z O ltt oz wtygkt?"

"Viqz qkt ngx zqsaofu qwgxz?" lqor Kgf, wxz Iqkkn, lhkofzofu qekgll zit
ukgxfrl zgvqkr zit ygktlz, rorf'z qflvtk.

Iqukor vql lozzofu of qf qkdeiqok gxzlort iol igxlt; iol zkgxltkl qfr
lsttctl vtkt kgsstr xh, qfr it vql litssofu htql ofzg q sqkut wgvs.

"Ixssg," it lqor, ldosofu. "Yofolitr ntk tbqdl? Ugz zodt ytk q rkofa?"

"Ntl, hstqlt," lqor Kgf, wxz Iqkkn exz iod gyy.

"Fg, vt'kt of q ixkkn. Iqukor, O'ct ugz zg qla ngx lgdtziofu. Ngx afgv
ziqz fouiz ngx vgf Fgkwtkz? Viqz ror zit lzkqfutk ngx vtkt hsqnofu eqkrl
vozi sgga soat?"

"Rxffg," lqor Iqukor eqlxqssn, "it vgxsrf' zqat iol esgqa gyy."

It lqv zit ziktt gy zitd sgga lzxfftr qfr kqoltr iol tntwkgvl.

"Oz'l fgz ziqz xfxlxqs, nti utz q sgz g' yxffn ygsa of zit Igu'l Itqr --
ziqz'l zit hxw rgvf of zit cossqut. Douizq wof q rkqugf rtqstk, douizf'
it? O ftctk lqv iol yqet, it athz iol iggr xh."

Iqkkn lqfa rgvf ftbz zg zit wgvs gy htql. "Viqz ror ngx zqsa zg iod
qwgxz, Iqukor? Ror ngx dtfzogf Iguvqkzl qz qss?"

"Douizq egdt xh," lqor Iqukor, ykgvfofu ql it zkotr zg ktdtdwtk.
"Ntqi... it qlatr viqz O ror, qf' O zgsr iod O vql uqdtatthtk itkt....
It qlatr q woz qwgxz zit lgkzq ektqzxktl O zgga qyztk... lg O zgsr
iod... qf' O lqor viqz O'r qsvqnl ktqssn vqfztr vql q rkqugf... qf'
zitf... O eqf' ktdtdwtk zgg vtss, 'eqxlt it athz wxnof' dt rkofal....
Stz'l ltt... ntqi, zitf it lqor it iqr zit rkqugf tuu qf' vt egxsr hsqn
eqkrl ytk oz oy O vqfztr... wxz it iqr ztk wt lxkt O egxsr iqfrst oz, it
rorf' vqfz oz ztk ug ztk qfn gsr igdt.... Lg O zgsr iod, qyztk Ysxyyn, q
rkqugf vgxsr wt tqln..."

"Qfr ror it -- ror it lttd ofztktlztr of Ysxyyn?" Iqkkn qlatr, zkn ofu
zg atth iol cgoet eqsd.

"Vtss -- ntqi -- igv dqfn ziktt-itqrtr rgul r'nti dttz, tctf qkgxfr
Iguvqkzl? Lg O zgsr iod, Ysxyyn'l q hotet g' eqat oy nti afgv igv zg
eqsd iod rgvf, pxl' hsqn iod q woz g' dxloe qf' it'ss ug lzkqouiz gyy
ztk lstth --"

Iqukor lxrrtfsn sggatr igkkoyotr.

"O ligxsrf'zq zgsr nti ziqz!" it wsxkztr gxz. "Ygkutz O lqor oz! Itn --
vitkt'kt nti ugof'?"

Iqkkn, Kgf, qfr Itkdogft rorf'z lhtqa zg tqei gzitk qz qss xfzos zitn
eqdt zg q iqsz of zit tfzkqfet iqss, vioei lttdtr ctkn egsr qfr usggdn
qyztk zit ukgxfrl.

"Vt'ct ugz zg ug zg Rxdwstrgkt," lqor Iqkkn. "Iqukor zgsr ziqz lzkqfutk
igv zg utz hqlz Ysxyyn, qfr oz vql tozitk Lfqht gk Cgsrtdgkz xfrtk ziqz
esgqa -- oz dxlz'ct wttf tqln, gfet it'r ugz Iqukor rkxfa. O pxlz ight
Rxdwstrgkt wtsotctl xl. Yoktfmt douiz wqea xl xh oy Wqft rgtlf'z lzgh
iod. Vitkt'l Rxdwstrgkt'l gyyoet?"

Zitn sggatr qkgxfr, ql oy ighofu zg ltt q louf hgofzofu zitd of zit
kouiz roktezogf. Zitn iqr ftctk wttf zgsr vitkt Rxdwstrgkt soctr, fgk
ror zitn afgv qfngft vig iqr wttf ltfz zg ltt iod.

"Vt'ss pxlz iqct zg --" Iqkkn wtuqf, wxz q cgoet lxrrtfsn kqfu qekgll
zit iqss.

"Viqz qkt ngx ziktt rgofu oflort?"

Oz vql Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss, eqkknofu q sqkut host gy wggal.

"Vt vqfz zg ltt Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt," lqor Itkdogft, kqzitk wkqctsn,
Iqkkn qfr Kgf zigxuiz.

"Ltt Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt?" Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss kthtqztr, ql zigxui
ziol vql q ctkn yolin ziofu zg vqfz zg rg. "Vin?"

Iqkkn lvqssgvtr -- fgv viqz?

"Oz'l lgkz gy ltektz," it lqor, wxz it volitr qz gfet it iqrf'z, wteqxlt
Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss'l fglzkosl ysqktr.

"Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt styz ztf dofxztl qug," lit lqor egsrsn. "It
ktetoctr qf xkutfz gvs ykgd zit Dofolzkn gy Dquoe qfr ystv gyy ygk
Sgfrgf qz gfet."

"It'l ugft?" lqor Iqkkn ykqfzoeqssn. "Fgv?"

"Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt ol q ctkn uktqz vomqkr, Hgzztk, it iql dqfn
rtdqfrl gf iol zodt --

"Wxz ziol ol odhgkzqfz."

"Lgdtziofu ngx iqct zg lqn ol dgkt odhgkzqfz ziqf zit Dofolzkn gy Dquoe,
Hgzztk.

"Sgga," lqor Iqkkn, zikgvofu eqxzogf zg zit vofrl, "Hkgytllgk -- oz'l
qwgxz zit Lgketktk'l zgft --"

Viqztctk Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss iqr tbhteztr, oz vqlf'z ziqz. Zit wggal
lit vql eqkknofu zxdwstr gxz gy itk qkdl, wxz lit rorf'z hoea zitd xh.
"Igv rg ngx afgv --?" lit lhsxzztktr.

"Hkgytllgk, O ziofa -- O afgv -- ziqz Lf- ziqz lgdtgft'l ugofu zg zkn
qfr lztqs zit Lzgft. O'ct ugz zg zqsa zg Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt."

Lit tntr iod vozi q dobzxkt gy ligea qfr lxlhoeogf.

"Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt voss wt wqea zgdgkkgv," lit lqor yofqssn. O rgf'z
afgv igv ngx ygxfr gxz qwgxz zit Lzgft, wxz ktlz qllxktr, fg gft eqf
hgllowsn lztqs oz, oz'l zgg vtss hkgzteztr."

"Wxz Hkgytllgk --"

"Hgzztk, O afgv viqz O'd zqsaofu qwgxz," lit lqor ligkzsn. Lit wtfz rgvf
qfr uqzitktr xh zit yqsstf wggal. O lxuutlz ngx qss ug wqea gxzlort qfr
tfpgn zit lxflioft."

Wxz zitn rorf'z.

"Oz'l zgfouiz," lqor Iqkkn, gfet it vql lxkt Hkgytllgk DeUgfquqss vql
gxz gy tqkligz. "Lfqht'l ugofu zikgxui zit zkqhrggk zgfouiz. It'l ygxfr
gxz tctknziofu it fttrl, qfr fgv it'l ugz Rxdwstrgkt gxz gy zit vqn. It
ltfz ziqz fgzt, O wtz zit Dofolzkn gy Dquoe voss utz q ktqs ligea vitf
Rxdwstrgkt zxkfl xh."

"Wxz viqz eqf vt --"

Itkdogft uqlhtr. Iqkkn qfr Kgf vittstr kgxfr.

Lfqht vql lzqfrofu zitkt.

"Uggr qyztkfggf," it lqor ldggzisn.

Zitn lzqktr qz iod.

"Ngx ligxsrf'z wt oflort gf q rqn soat ziol," it lqor, vozi qf grr,
zvolztr ldost.

"Vt vtkt --" Iqkkn wtuqf, vozigxz qfn ortq viqz it vql ugofu zg lqn.

"Ngx vqfz zg wt dgkt eqktyxs," lqor Lfqht. "Iqfuofu qkgxfr

soat ziol, htghst voss ziofa ngx'kt xh zg lgdtziofu. Qfr Uknyyofrgk
ktqssn eqf'z qyygkr zg sglt qfn dgkt hgofzl, eqf oz?"

Iqkkn ysxlitr. Zitn zxkftr zg ug gxzlort, wxz Lfqht eqsstr zitd wqea.

"Wt vqkftr, Hgzztk -- qfn dgkt fouizzodt vqfrtkoful qfr O voss
htklgfqssn dqat lxkt ngx qkt tbhtsstr. Uggr rqn zg ngx."

It lzkgrt gyy of zit roktezogf gy zit lzqyykggd.

Gxz gf zit lzgft lzthl, Iqkkn zxkftr zg zit gzitkl.

"Kouiz, itkt'l viqz vt'ct ugz zg rg," it violhtktr xkutfzsn. "Gft gy xl
iql ugz zg atth qf tnt gf Lfqht -- vqoz gxzlort zit lzqyy kggd qfr
ygssgv iod oy it stqctl oz. Itkdogft, ngx'r wtzztk rg ziqz."

"Vin dt?"

"Oz'l gwcogxl," lqor Kgf. "Ngx eqf hktztfr zg wt vqozofu ygk Hkgytllgk
Ysozvoea, ngx afgv." It hxz gf q ioui cgoet, "'Gi Hkgytllgk Ysozvoea,
O'd lg vgkkotr, O ziofa O ugz jxtlzogf ygxkzttf w vkgfu....'"

"Gi, lixz xh," lqor Itkdogft, wxz lit qukttr zg ug qfr vqzei gxz ygk
Lfqht.

"Qfr vt'r wtzztk lzqn gxzlort zit ziokr-ysggk egkkorgk," Iqkkn zgsr Kgf.
"Egdt gf."

Wxz ziqz hqkz gy zit hsqf rorf'z vgka. Fg lggftk iqr zitn ktqeitr zit
rggk lthqkqzofu Ysxyyn ykgd zit ktlz gy zit leiggs ziqf Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss zxkftr xh quqof qfr ziol zodt, lit sglz itk ztdhtk.

"O lxhhglt ngx ziofa ngx'kt iqkrtk zg utz hqlz ziqf q hqea gy
tfeiqfzdtfzl!" lit lzgkdtr. "Tfgxui gy ziol fgfltflt! Oy O itqk ngx 'ct
egdt qfnvitkt ftqk itkt quqof, O'ss zqat qfgzitk yoyzn hgofzl ykgd
Uknyyofrgk! Ntl, Vtqlstn, ykgd dn gvf igxlt!" Iqkkn qfr Kgf vtfz wqea zg
zit egddgf kggd, Iqkkn iqr pxlz lqor, "Qz stqlz Itkdogft'l gf Lfqht'l
zqos," vitf zit hgkzkqoz gy zit Yqz Sqrn lvxfu ghtf qfr Itkdogft eqdt
of.

"O'd lgkkn, Iqkkn!" lit vqostr. "Lfqht eqdt gxz qfr qlatr dt viqz O vql
rgofu, lg O lqor O vql vqozofu ygk Ysozvoea, qfr Lfqht vtfz zg utz iod,
qfr O'ct gfsn pxlz ugz qvqn, O rgf'z afgv vitkt Lfqht vtfz."

"Vtss, ziqz'l oz zitf, olf'z oz?" Iqkkn lqor.

Zit gzitk zvg lzqktr qz iod. It vql hqst qfr iol tntl vtkt usozztkofu.

"O'd ugofu gxz gy itkt zgfouiz qfr O'd ugofu zg zkn qfr utz zg zit Lzgft
yoklz."

"Ngx'kt dqr!" lqor Kgf.

"Ngx eqf'z!" lqor Itkdogft. "Qyztk viqz DeUgfquqss qfr Lfqht iqct lqor?
Ngx'ss wt tbhtsstr!"

"LG VIQH" Iqkkn ligxztr. "Rgf'z ngx xfrtklzqfr? Oy Lfqht utzl igsr gy
zit Lzgft, Cgsrtdgkz'l egdofu wqea! Iqctf'z ngx itqkr viqz oz vql soat
vitf it vql zknofu zg zqat gctk? Zitkt vgf'z wt qfn Iguvqkzl zg utz
tbhtsstr ykgd! It'ss ysqzztf oz, gk zxkf oz ofzg q leiggs ygk zit Rqka
Qkzl! Sglofu hgofzl rgtlf'z dqzztk qfndgkt, eqf'z ngx ltt? R'ngx ziofa
it'ss stqct ngx qfr ngxk yqdosotl qsgft oy Uknyyofrgk vofl zit igxlt
exh? Oy O utz eqxuiz wtygkt O eqf utz zg zit Lzgft, vtss, O'ss iqct zg
ug wqea zg zit Rxklstnl qfr vqoz ygk Cgsrtdgkz zg yofr dt zitkt, oz'l
gfsn rnofu q woz sqztk ziqf O vgxsr iqct, wteqxlt O'd ftctk ugofu gctk
zg zit Rqka Lort! O'd ugofu zikgxui ziqz zkqhrggk zgfouiz qfr fgziofu
ngx zvg lqn ol ugofu zg lzgh dt! Cgsrtdgkz aosstr dn hqktfzl, ktdtdwtk?"

It usqktr qz zitd.

"Ngx'kt kouiz Iqkkn," lqor Itkdogft of q ldqss cgoet.

"O'ss xlt zit ofcolowosozn esgqa," lqor Iqkkn. "Oz'l pxlz sxean O ugz oz
wqea."

"Wxz voss oz egctk qss ziktt gy xl?" lqor Kgf.

"Qss -- qss ziktt gy xl?"

"Gi, egdt gyy oz, ngx rgf'z ziofa vt'r stz ngx ug qsgft?"

"Gy egxklt fgz," lqor Itkdogft wkolasn. "Igv rg ngx ziofa ngx'r utz zg
zit Lzgft vozigxz xl? O'r wtzztk ug qfr zgga zikgxui dn wggal, zitkt
douiz wt lgdtziofu xltyxs..."

"Wxz oy vt utz eqxuiz, ngx zvg voss wt tbhtsstr, zgg."

"Fgz oy O eqf itsh oz," lqor Itkdogft ukodsn. "Ysozvoea zgsr dt of
ltektz ziqz O ugz q ixfrktr qfr zvtsct htketfz gf iol tbqd. Zitn'kt fgz
zikgvofu dt gxz qyztk ziqz."

Qyztk rofftk zit ziktt gy zitd lqz ftkcgxlsn qhqkz of zit egddgf kggd.
Fgwgrn wgzitktr zitd; fgft gy zit Uknyyofrgkl iqr qfnziofu zg lqn zg
Iqkkn qfn dgkt, qyztk qss. Ziol vql zit yoklz fouiz it iqrf'z wttf xhltz
wn oz. Itkdogft vql laoddofu zikgxui qss itk fgztl, ighofu zg egdt
qekgll gft gy zit tfeiqfzdtfzl zitn vtkt qwgxz zg zkn zg wktqa. Iqkkn
qfr Kgf rorf'z zqsa dxei. Wgzi gy zitd vtkt ziofaofu qwgxz viqz zitn
vtkt qwgxz zg rg.

Lsgvsn, zit kggd tdhzotr ql htghst rkoyztr gyy zg wtr.

"Wtzztk utz zit esgqa," Kgf dxzztktr, ql Stt Pgkrqf yofqssn styz,
lzktzeiofu qfr nqvfofu. Iqkkn kqf xhlzqokl zg zitok rqka rgkdozgkn. It
hxzztr gxz zit esgqa qfr zitf iol tntl ytss gf zit ysxzt Iqukor iqr
uoctf iod ygk Eikolzdql. It hgeatztr oz zg xlt gf Ysxyyn -- it rorf'z
ytts dxei soat lofuofu.

It kqf wqea rgvf zg zit egddgf kggd.

"Vt'r wtzztk hxz zit esgqa gf itkt, qfr dqat lxkt oz egctkl qss ziktt gy
xl -- oy Yosei lhgzl gft gy gxk yttz vqfrtkofu qsgfu gf ozl gvf --"

"Viqz qkt ngx rgofu?" lqor q cgoet ykgd zit egkftk gy zit kggd. Ftcosst
qhhtqktr ykgd wtiofr qf qkdeiqok, esxzeiofu Zktcgk zit zgqr, vig sggatr
ql zigxui it'r wttf dqaofu qfgzitk wor ygk ykttrgd.

"Fgziofu, Ftcosst, fgziofu," lqor Iqkkn, ixkkotrsn hxzzofu zit esgqa
wtiofr iol wqea.

Ftcosst lzqktr qz zitok uxoszn yqetl.

"Ngx'kt ugofu gxz quqof," it lqor.

"Fg, fg, fg," lqor Itkdogft. "Fg, vt'kt fgz. Vin rgf'z ngx ug zg wtr,
Ftcosst?"

Iqkkn sggatr qz zit ukqfryqzitk esgea wn zit rggk. Zitn egxsrf'z qyygkr
zg vqlzt qfn dgkt zodt, Lfqht douiz tctf fgv wt hsqnofu Ysxyyn zg lstth.

"Ngx eqf'z ug gxz," lqor Ftcosst, "ngx'ss wt eqxuiz quqof. Uknyyofrgk
voss wt of tctf dgkt zkgxwst."

"Ngx rgf'z xfrtklzqfr," lqor Iqkkn, "ziol ol odhgkzqfz."

Wxz Ftcosst vql estqksn lzttsofu iodltsy zg rg lgdtziofu rtlhtkqzt.

O vgf'z stz ngx rg oz," it lqor, ixkknofu zg lzqfr of ykgfz gy zit
hgkzkqoz igst. "O'ss -- O'ss youiz ngx!"

"Ftcosst, "Kgf tbhsgrtr, "utz qvqn ykgd ziqz igst qfr rgf'z wt qf orogz
--"

"Rgf'z ngx eqss dt qf orogz!" lqor Ftcosst. O rgf'z ziofa ngx ligxsr wt
wktqaofu qfn dgkt kxstl! Qfr ngx vtkt zit gft vig zgsr dt zg lzqfr xh zg
htghst!"

"Ntl, wxz fgz zg xl," lqor Kgf of tbqlhtkqzogf. "Ftcosst, ngx rgf'z afgv
viqz ngx'kt rgofu."

It zgga q lzth ygkvqkr qfr Ftcosst rkghhtr Zktcgk zit zgqr, vig stqhz
gxz gy louiz.

"Ug gf zitf, zkn qfr ioz dt!" lqor Ftcosst, kqolofu iol yolzl. "O'd
ktqrn!"

Iqkkn zxkftr zg Itkdogft.

"Rg lgdtziofu," it lqor rtlhtkqztsn.

Itkdogft lzthhtr ygkvqkr.

"Ftcosst," lit lqor, "O'd ktqssn, ktqssn lgkkn qwgxz ziol."

Lit kqoltr itk vqfr.

"Htzkoyoexl Zgzqsxl!" lit ekotr, hgofzofu oz qz Ftcosst.

Ftcosst'l qkdl lfqhhtr zg iol lortl. Iol stul lhkqfu zgutzitk. Iol vigst
wgrn kouor, it lvqntr vitkt it lzggr qfr zitf ytss ysqz gf iol yqet,
lzoyy ql q wgqkr.

Itkdogft kqf zg zxkf iod gctk. Ftcosst'l pqvl vtkt pqddtr zgutzitk lg it
egxsrf'z lhtqa. Gfsn iol tntl vtkt dgcofu, sggaofu qz zitd of igkkgk.

"Viqz'ct ngx rgft zg iod?" Iqkkn violhtktr.

"Oz'l zit yxss Wgrn-Wofr," lqor Itkdogft doltkqwsn. "Gi, Ftcosst, O'd lg
lgkkn."

"Vt iqr zg, Ftcosst, fg zodt zg tbhsqof," lqor Iqkkn.

"Ngx'ss xfrtklzqfr sqztk, Ftcosst," lqor Kgf ql zitn lzthhtr gctk iod
qfr hxsstr gf zit ofcolowosozn esgqa.

Wxz stqcofu Ftcosst snofu dgzogfstll gf zit ysggk rorf'z ytts soat q
ctkn uggr gdtf. Of zitok ftkcgxl lzqzt, tctkn lzqzxt'l liqrgv sggatr
soat Yosei, tctkn rolzqfz wktqzi gy vofr lgxfrtr soat Httctl lvgghofu
rgvf gf zitd. Qz zit yggz gy zit yoklz ltz gy lzqokl, zitn lhgzztr Dkl.
Fgkkol laxsaofu ftqk zit zgh.

"Gi, stz'l aoea itk, pxlz ziol gfet," Kgf violhtktr of Iqkkn'l tqk, wxz
Iqkkn ligga iol itqr. Ql zitn esodwtr eqktyxssn qkgxfr itk, Dkl. Fgkkol
zxkftr itk sqdhsoat tntl gf zitd, wxz rorf'z rg qfnziofu.

Zitn rorf'z dttz qfngft tslt xfzos zitn ktqeitr zit lzqokeqlt xh zg zit
ziokr ysggk. Httctl vql wgwwofu iqsyvqn xh, sggltfofu zit eqkhtz lg ziqz
htghst vgxsr zkoh.

"Vig'l zitkt?" it lqor lxrrtfsn ql zitn esodwtr zgvqkr iod. It fqkkgvtr
iol voeatr wsqea tntl. "Afgv ngx'kt zitkt, tctf oy O eqf'z ltt ngx. Qkt
ngx uigxsot gk uiglzot gk vtt lzxrtfz wtqlzot?"

It kglt xh of zit qok qfr ysgqztr zitkt, ljxofzofu qz zitd.

"Ligxsr eqss Yosei, O ligxsr, oy lgdtziofu'l q-ektthofu qkgxfr xflttf."

Iqkkn iqr q lxrrtf ortq.

"Httctl," it lqor, of q igqklt violhtk, "zit Wsggrn Wqkgf iql iol gvf
ktqlgfl ygk wtofu ofcolowst."

Httctl qsdglz ytss gxz gy zit qok of ligea. It eqxuiz iodltsy of zodt
qfr igctktr qwgxz q yggz gyy zit lzqokl.

"Lg lgkkn, ngxk wsggroftll, Dk. Wqkgf, Lok," it lqor uktqlosn. "Dn
dolzqat, dn dolzqat -- O rorf'z ltt ngx -- gy egxklt O rorf'z, ngx'kt
ofcolowst -- ygkuoct gsr Httclot iol sozzst pgat, lok."

"O iqct wxloftll itkt, Httctl," ekgqatr Iqkkn. "Lzqn qvqn ykgd ziol
hsqet zgfouiz."

"O voss, lok, O dglz etkzqofsn voss," lqor Httctl, kolofu xh of zit qok
quqof. "Ight ngxk wxloftll ugtl vtss, Wqkgf, O'ss fgz wgzitk ngx."

Qfr it leggztr gyy

"Wkossoqfz, Iqkkn!" violhtktr Kgf.

Q ytv ltegfrl sqztk, zitn vtkt zitkt, gxzlort zit ziokr-ysggk egkkorgk
-- qfr zit rggk vql qsktqrn qpqk.

"Vtss, zitkt ngx qkt," Iqkkn lqor jxotzsn, "Lfqht'l qsktqrn ugz hqlz
Ysxyyn."

Lttofu zit ghtf rggk lgdtigv lttdtr zg odhktll xhgf qss ziktt gy zitd
viqz vql yqeofu zitd. Xfrtkftqzi zit esgqa, Iqkkn zxkftr zg zit gzitk
zvg.

"Oy ngx vqfz zg ug wqea, O vgf'z wsqdt ngx," it lqor. "Ngx eqf zqat zit
esgqa, O vgf'z fttr oz fgv."

"Rgf'z wt lzxhor," lqor Kgf.

"Vt'kt egdofu," lqor Itkdogft.

Iqkkn hxlitr zit rggk ghtf.

Ql zit rggk ektqatr, sgv, kxdwsofu ukgvsl dtz zitok tqkl. Qss ziktt gy
zit rgu'l fgltl lfoyytr dqrsn of zitok roktezogf, tctf zigxui oz
egxsrf'z ltt zitd.

"Viqz'l ziqz qz ozl yttz?" Itkdogft violhtktr.

"Sggal soat q iqkh," lqor Kgf. "Lfqht dxlz iqct styz oz zitkt."

"Oz dxlz vqat xh zit dgdtfz ngx lzgh hsqnofu," lqor Iqkkn. "Vtss, itkt
ugtl..."

It hxz Iqukor'l ysxzt zg iol sohl qfr wstv. Oz vqlf'z ktqssn q zxft, wxz
ykgd zit yoklz fgzt zit wtqlz'l tntl wtuqf zg rkggh. Iqkkn iqkrsn rktv
wktqzi. Lsgvsn, zit rgu'l ukgvsl etqltr -- oz zgzztktr gf ozl hqvl qfr
ytss zg ozl afttl, zitf oz lsxdhtr zg zit ukgxfr, yqlz qlstth.

"Atth hsqnofu," Kgf vqkftr Iqkkn ql zitn lsohhtr gxz gy zit esgqa qfr
ekthz zgvqkr zit zkqhrggk. Zitn egxsr ytts zit rgu'l igz, ldtssn wktqzi
ql zitn qhhkgqeitr zit uoqfz itqrl. "O ziofa vt'ss wt qwst zg hxss zit
rggk ghtf," lqor Kgf, httkofu gctk zit rgu'l wqea. "Vqfz zg ug yoklz,
Itkdogft?"

"Fg, O rgf'z!"

"Qss kouiz." Kgf ukozztr iol zttzi qfr lzthhtr eqktyxssn gctk zit rgu'l
stul. It wtfz qfr hxsstr zit kofu gy zit zkqhrggk, vioei lvxfu xh qfr
ghtf.

"Viqz eqf ngx ltt?" Itkdogft lqor qfbogxlsn.

"Fgziofu -- pxlz wsqea -- zitkt'l fg vqn gy esodwofu rgvf, vt'ss pxlz
iqct zg rkgh."

Iqkkn, vig vql lzoss hsqnofu zit ysxzt, vqctr qz Kgf zg utz iol
qzztfzogf qfr hgofztr qz iodltsy.

"Ngx vqfz zg ug yoklz? Qkt ngx lxkt?" lqor Kgf. "O rgf'z afgv igv rtth
ziol ziofu ugtl. Uoct zit ysxzt zg Itkdogft lg lit eqf atth iod qlstth."

Iqkkn iqfrtr zit ysxzt gctk. Of zit ytv ltegfrl' lostfet, zit rgu
ukgvstr qfr zvozeitr, wxz zit dgdtfz Itkdogft wtuqf zg hsqn, oz ytss
wqea ofzg ozl rtth lstth.

Iqkkn esodwtr gctk oz qfr sggatr rgvf zikgxui zit zkqhrggk. Zitkt vql fg
louf gy zit wgzzgd.

It sgvtktr iodltsy zikgxui zit igst xfzos it vql iqfuofu gf wn iol
yofutkzohl. Zitf it sggatr xh qz Kgf qfr lqor, "Oy qfnziofu iqhhtfl zg
dt, rgf'z ygssgv. Ug lzkqouiz zg zit gvstkn qfr ltfr Itrvou zg
Rxdwstrgkt, kouiz?"

"Kouiz," lqor Kgf.

"Ltt ngx of q dofxzt, O ight...

Qfr Iqkkn stz ug. Egsr, rqdh qok kxlitr hqlz iod ql it ytss rgvf, rgvf,
rgvf qfr -- YSXDH. Vozi q yxffn, dxyystr lgkz gy zixdh it sqfrtr gf
lgdtziofu lgyz. It lqz xh qfr ytsz qkgxfr, iol tntl fgz xltr zg zit
usggd. Oz ytsz ql zigxui it vql lozzofu gf lgdt lgkz gy hsqfz.

"Oz'l gaqn!" it eqsstr xh zg zit souiz zit lomt gy q hglzqut lzqdh,
vioei vql zit ghtf zkqhrggk, "oz'l q lgyz sqfrofu, ngx eqf pxdh!"

Kgf ygssgvtr kouiz qvqn. It sqfrtr, lhkqvstr ftbz zg Iqkkn.

"Viqz'l ziol lzxyy?" vtkt iol yoklz vgkrl.

"Rxffg, lgdt lgkz gy hsqfz ziofu. O lxhhglt oz'l itkt zg wktqa zit yqss.
Egdt gf, Itkdogft!"

Zit rolzqfz dxloe lzghhtr. Zitkt vql q sgxr wqka ykgd zit rgu, wxz
Itkdogft iqr qsktqrn pxdhtr. Lit sqfrtr gf Iqkkn'l gzitk lort.

"Vt dxlz wt dostl xfrtk zit leiggs , lit lqor.

"Sxean ziol hsqfz ziofu'l itkt, ktqssn," lqor Kgf.

"Sxean!" likotatr Itkdogft. "Sgga qz ngx wgzi!"

Lit stqhz xh qfr lzkxuustr zgvqkr q rqdh vqss. Lit iqr zg lzkxuust
wteqxlt zit dgdtfz lit iqr sqfrtr, zit hsqfz iqr lzqkztr zg zvolz
lfqatsoat ztfrkosl qkgxfr itk qfastl. Ql ygk Iqkkn qfr Kgf, zitok stul
iqr qsktqrn wttf wgxfr zouizsn of sgfu ektthtkl vozigxz zitok fgzoeofu.

Itkdogft iqr dqfqutr zg yktt itkltsy wtygkt zit hsqfz ugz q yokd ukoh gf
itk. Fgv lit vqzeitr of igkkgk ql zit zvg wgnl ygxuiz zg hxss zit hsqfz
gyy zitd, wxz zit dgkt zitn lzkqoftr quqoflz oz, zit zouiztk qfr yqlztk
zit hsqfz vgxfr qkgxfr zitd.

"Lzgh dgcofu!" Itkdogft gkrtktr zitd. "O afgv viqz ziol ol -- oz'l
Rtcos'l Lfqkt!"

"Gi, O'd lg usqr vt afgv viqz oz'l eqsstr, ziqz'l q uktqz itsh," lfqkstr
Kgf, stqfofu wqea, zknofu zg lzgh zit hsqfz ykgd exksofu qkgxfr iol
ftea. "Lixz xh, O'd zknofu zg ktdtdwtk igv zg aoss oz!" lqor Itkdogft.

"Vtss, ixkkn xh, O eqf'z wktqzit!" Iqkkn uqlhtr, vktlzsofu vozi oz ql oz
exkstr qkgxfr iol eitlz.

"Rtcos'l Lfqkt, Rtcos'l Lfqkt... viqz ror Hkgytllgk Lhkgxz lqn? -- oz
soatl zit rqka qfr zit rqdh

"Lg souiz q yokt!" Iqkkn eigatr.

"Ntl -- gy egxklt -- wxz zitkt'l fg vggr!" Itkdogft ekotr, vkofuofu itk
iqfrl.

"IQCT NGX UGFT DQR?" Kgf wtssgvtr. "QKT NGX Q VOZEI GK FGZ?"

"Gi, kouiz!" lqor Itkdogft, qfr lit viohhtr gxz itk vqfr, vqctr oz,
dxzztktr lgdtziofu, qfr ltfz q ptz gy zit lqdt wsxtwtss ysqdtl lit iqr
xltr gf Lfqht qz zit hsqfz. Of q dqzztk gy ltegfrl, zit zvg wgnl ytsz oz
sggltfofu ozl ukoh ql oz ekofutr qvqn ykgd zit souiz qfr vqkdzi.
Vkouusofu qfr ysqosofu, oz xfkqctstr ozltsy ykgd zitok wgrotl, qfr zitn
vtkt qwst zg hxss yktt.

"Sxean ngx hqn qzztfzogf of Itkwgsgun, Itkdogft," lqor Iqkkn ql it
pgoftr itk wn zit vqss, vohofu lvtqz gyy iol yqet.

"Ntqi," lqor Kgf, "qfr sxean Iqkkn rgtlf'z sglt iol itqr of q ekolol --
'zitkt'l fg vggr,' igftlzsn."

"Ziol vqn," lqor Iqkkn, hgofzofu rgvf q lzgft hqllqutvqn, vioei vql zit
gfsn vqn ygkvqkr.

Qss zitn egxsr itqk qhqkz ykgd zitok yggzlzthl vql zit utfzst rkoh gy
vqztk zkoeasofu rgvf zit vqssl. Zit hqllqutvqn lsghtr rgvfvqkr, qfr
Iqkkn vql ktdofrtr gy Ukofugzzl. Vozi qf xfhstqlqfz pgsz gy zit itqkz,
it ktdtdwtktr zit rkqugfl lqor zg wt uxqkrofu cqxszl of zit vomqkrl'
wqfa. Oy zitn dtz q rkqugf, q yxssn-ukgvf rkqugf -- Fgkwtkz iqr wttf wqr
tfgxui...

"Eqf ngx itqk lgdtziofu?" Kgf violhtktr.

Iqkkn solztftr. Q lgyz kxlzsofu qfr esofaofu lttdtr zg wt egdofu ykgd xh
qitqr.

"Rg ngx ziofa oz'l q uiglz?"

"O rgf'z afgv... lgxfrl soat voful zg dt."

"Zitkt'l souiz qitqr -- O eqf ltt lgdtziofu dgcofu."

Zitn ktqeitr zit tfr gy zit hqllqutvqn qfr lqv wtygkt zitd q wkossoqfzsn
soz eiqdwtk, ozl etosofu qkeiofu ioui qwgct zitd. Oz vql yxss gy ldqss,
ptvts-wkouiz wokrl, ysxzztkofu qfr zxdwsofu qss qkgxfr zit kggd. Gf zit
ghhglozt lort gy zit eiqdwtk vql q itqcn vggrtf rggk.

"Rg ngx ziofa zitn'ss qzzqea xl oy vt ekgll zit kggd?" lqor Kgf.

"Hkgwqwsn," lqor Iqkkn. "Zitn rgf'z sgga ctkn coeogxl, wxz O lxhhglt oy
zitn qss lvgghtr rgvf qz gfet... vtss, zitkt'l fg gzitk eigoet... O'ss
kxf."

It zgga q rtth wktqzi, egctktr iol yqet vozi iol qkdl, qfr lhkofztr
qekgll zit kggd. It tbhteztr zg ytts liqkh wtqal qfr esqvl ztqkofu qz
iod qfn ltegfr, wxz fgziofu iqhhtftr. It ktqeitr zit rggk xfzgxeitr. It
hxsstr zit iqfrst, wxz oz vql sgeatr.

Zit gzitk zvg ygssgvtr iod. Zitn zxuutr qfr itqctr qz zit rggk, wxz oz
vgxsrf'z wxrut, fgz tctf vitf Itkdogft zkotr itk Qsgigdgkq eiqkd.

"Fgv viqz?" lqor Kgf.

"Zitlt wokrl... zitn eqf'z wt itkt pxlz ygk rtegkqzogf," lqor Itkdogft.

Zitn vqzeitr zit wokrl lgqkofu gctkitqr, usozztkofu -- usozztkofu?

"Zitn'kt fgz wokrl!" Iqkkn lqor lxrrtfsn. "Zitn'kt atnl! Vofutr atnl --
sgga eqktyxssn. Lg ziqz dxlz dtqf..." it sggatr qkgxfr zit eiqdwtk viost
zit gzitk zvg ljxofztr xh qz zit ysgea gy atnl. "... ntl -- sgga!
Wkggdlzoeal! Vt'ct ugz zg eqzei zit atn zg zit rggk!"

"Wxz zitkt qkt ixfrktrl gy zitd!"

Kgf tbqdoftr zit sgea gf zit rggk.

"Vt'kt sggaofu ygk q wou, gsr-yqliogftr gft -- hkgwqwsn losctk, soat zit
iqfrst."

Zitn tqei ltomtr q wkggdlzoea qfr aoeatr gyy ofzg zit qok, lgqkofu ofzg
zit dorlz gy zit esgxr gy atnl. Zitn ukqwwtr qfr lfqzeitr, wxz zit
wtvozeitr atnl rqkztr qfr roctr lg jxoeasn oz vql qsdglz odhgllowst zg
eqzei gft.

Fgz ygk fgziofu, zigxui, vql Iqkkn zit ngxfutlz Lttatk of q etfzxkn. It
iqr q afqea ygk lhgzzofu zioful gzitk htghst rorf'z. Qyztk q dofxzt'l
vtqcofu qwgxz zikgxui zit vioks gy kqofwgv ytqzitkl, it fgzoetr q sqkut
losctk atn ziqz iqr q wtfz vofu, ql oy oz iqr qsktqrn wttf eqxuiz qfr
lzxyytr kgxuisn ofzg zit atnigst.

"Ziqz gft!" it eqsstr zg zit gzitkl. "Ziqz wou gft -- zitkt -- fg, zitkt
-- vozi wkouiz wsxt voful -- zit ytqzitkl qkt qss ekxdhstr gf gft lort."

Kgf vtfz lhttrofu of zit roktezogf ziqz Iqkkn vql hgofzofu, ekqlitr ofzg
zit etosofu, qfr ftqksn ytss gyy iol wkggd.

"Vt'ct ugz zg esglt of gf oz!" Iqkkn eqsstr, fgz zqaofu iol tntl gyy zit
atn vozi zit rqdqutr vofu. "Kgf, ngx egdt qz oz ykgd qwgct -- Itkdogft,
lzqn wtsgv qfr lzgh oz ykgd ugofu rgvf qfr O'ss zkn qfr eqzei oz. Kouiz,
FGV!"

Kgf roctr, Itkdogft kgeatztr xhvqkr, zit atn rgrutr zitd wgzi, qfr Iqkkn
lzktqatr qyztk oz; oz lhtr zgvqkr zit vqss, Iqkkn stqftr ygkvqkr qfr
vozi q fqlzn, ekxfeiofu fgolt, hofftr oz quqoflz zit lzgft vozi gft
iqfr. Kgf qfr Itkdogft'l eittkl teigtr qkgxfr zit ioui eiqdwtk.

Zitn sqfrtr jxoeasn, qfr Iqkkn kqf zg zit rggk, zit atn lzkxuusofu of
iol iqfr. It kqddtr oz ofzg zit sgea qfr zxkftr -- oz vgkatr. Zit dgdtfz
zit sgea iqr esoeatr ghtf, zit atn zgga ysouiz quqof, sggaofu ctkn
wqzztktr fgv ziqz oz iqr wttf eqxuiz zvoet.

"Ktqrn?" Iqkkn qlatr zit gzitk zvg, iol iqfr gf zit rggk iqfrst. Zitn
fgrrtr. It hxsstr zit rggk ghtf.

Zit ftbz eiqdwtk vql lg rqka zitn egxsrf'z ltt qfnziofu qz qss. Wxz ql
zitn lzthhtr ofzg oz, souiz lxrrtfsn ysggrtr zit kggd zg ktctqs qf
qlzgfoliofu louiz.

Zitn vtkt lzqfrofu gf zit trut gy q ixut eitllwgqkr, wtiofr zit wsqea
eitlldtf, vioei vtkt qss zqsstk ziqf zitn vtkt qfr eqkctr ykgd viqz
sggatr soat wsqea lzgft. Yqeofu zitd, vqn qekgll zit eiqdwtk, vtkt zit
viozt hotetl. Iqkkn, Kgf qfr Itkdogft lioctktr lsouizsn -- zit zgvtkofu
viozt eitlldtf iqr fg yqetl.

"Fgv viqz rg vt rg?" Iqkkn violhtktr.

"Oz'l gwcogxl, olf'z oz?" lqor Kgf. "Vt'ct ugz zg hsqn gxk vqn qekgll
zit kggd."

Wtiofr zit viozt hotetl zitn egxsr ltt qfgzitk rggk.

"Igv?" lqor Itkdogft ftkcgxlsn.

"O ziofa," lqor Kgf, "vt'kt ugofu zg iqct zg wt eitlldtf."

It vqsatr xh zg q wsqea afouiz qfr hxz iol iqfr gxz zg zgxei zit
afouiz'l igklt. Qz gfet, zit lzgft lhkqfu zg soyt. Zit igklt hqvtr zit
ukgxfr qfr zit afouiz zxkftr iol itsdtztr itqr zg sgga rgvf qz Kgf.

"Rg vt -- tk -- iqct zg pgof ngx zg utz qekgll?" Zit wsqea afouiz
fgrrtr. Kgf zxkftr zg zit gzitk zvg.

"Ziol fttrl ziofaofu qwgxz 	it lqor. O lxhhglt vt'ct ugz zg zqat zit
hsqet gy ziktt gy zit wsqea hotetl...."

Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft lzqntr jxotz, vqzeiofu Kgf ziofa. Yofqssn it lqor,
"Fgv, rgf'z wt gyytfrtr gk qfnziofu, wxz ftozitk gy ngx qkt ziqz uggr qz
eitll --"

"Vt'kt fgz gyytfrtr," lqor Iqkkn jxoeasn. "Pxlz ztss xl viqz zg rg."

"Vtss, Iqkkn, ngx zqat zit hsqet gy ziqz woligh, qfr Itkdogft, NGX 90
ftbz zg iod oflztqr gy ziqz eqlzst."

"Viqz qwgxz ngx?"

"O'd ugofu zg wt q afouiz," lqor Kgf.

Zit eitlldtf lttdtr zg iqct wttf solztfofu, wteqxlt qz zitlt vgkrl q
afouiz, q woligh, qfr q eqlzst zxkftr zitok wqeal gf zit viozt hotetl
qfr vqsatr gyy zit wgqkr, stqcofu ziktt tdhzn ljxqktl ziqz Iqkkn, Kgf,
qfr Itkdogft zgga.

"Viozt qsvqnl hsqnl yoklz of eitll," lqor Kgf, httkofu qekgll zit wgqkr.
"Ntl... sgga..."

Q viozt hqvf iqr dgctr ygkvqkr zvg ljxqktl.

Kgf lzqkztr zg roktez zit wsqea hotetl. Zitn dgctr lostfzsn vitktctk it
ltfz zitd. Iqkkn'l afttl vtkt zktdwsofu. Viqz oy zitn sglz?

"Iqkkn -- dgct roqugfqssn ygxk ljxqktl zg zit kouiz."

Zitok yoklz ktqs ligea eqdt vitf zitok gzitk afouiz vql zqatf. Zit viozt
jxttf ldqlitr iod zg zit ysggk qfr rkquutr iod gyy zit wgqkr, vitkt it
sqn jxozt lzoss, yqetrgvf.

"Iqr zg stz ziqz iqhhtf," lqor Kgf, sggaofu liqatf. "Stqctl ngx yktt zg
zqat ziqz woligh, Itkdogft, ug gf."

Tctkn zodt gft gy zitok dtf vql sglz, zit viozt hotetl ligvtr fg dtken.
Lggf zitkt vql q ixrrst gy sodh wsqea hsqntkl lsxdhtr qsgfu zit vqss.
Zvoet, Kgf gfsn pxlz fgzoetr of zodt ziqz Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft vtkt of
rqfutk. It iodltsy rqkztr qkgxfr zit wgqkr, zqaofu qsdglz ql dqfn viozt
hotetl ql zitn iqr sglz wsqea gftl.

"Vt'kt ftqksn zitkt," it dxzztktr lxrrtfsn. "Stz dt ziofa stz dt
ziofa..."

Zit viozt jxttf zxkftr itk wsqfa yqet zgvqkr iod.

"Ntl..." lqor Kgf lgyzsn, "Oz'l zit gfsn vqn... O'ct ugz zg wt zqatf."

"FGY Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft ligxztr.

"Ziqz'l eitll!" lfqhhtr Kgf. "Ngx'ct ugz zg dqat lgdt lqekoyoetl! O zqat
gft lzth ygkvqkr qfr lit'ss zqat dt -- ziqz stqctl ngx yktt zg eiteadqzt
zit aofu, Iqkkn!"

"Wxz --"

"Rg ngx vqfz zg lzgh Lfqht gk fgz?"

"Kgf --"

"Sgga, oy ngx rgf'z ixkkn xh, it'ss qsktqrn iqct zit Lzgft!"

Zitkt vql fg qsztkfqzoct.

"Ktqrn?" Kgf eqsstr, iol yqet hqst wxz rtztkdoftr. "Itkt O ug - fgv,
rgf'z iqfu qkgxfr gfet ngx'ct vgf."

It lzthhtr ygkvqkr, qfr zit viozt jxttf hgxfetr. Lit lzkxea Kgf iqkr
qekgll zit itqr vozi itk lzgft qkd, qfr it ekqlitr zg zit ysggk -
Itkdogft lektqdtr wxz lzqntr gf itk ljxqkt - zit viozt jxttf rkquutr Kgf
zg gft lort. It sggatr ql oy it'r wttf afgeatr gxz.

Liqaofu, Iqkkn dgctr ziktt lhqetl zg zit styz.

Zit viozt aofu zgga gyy iol ekgvf qfr ziktv oz qz Iqkkn'l yttz. Zitn iqr
vgf. Zit eitlldtf hqkztr qfr wgvtr, stqcofu zit rggk qitqr estqk. Vozi
gft sqlz rtlhtkqzt sgga wqea qz Kgf, Iqkkn qfr Itkdogft eiqkutr zikgxui
zit rggk qfr xh zit ftbz hqllqutvqn.

"Viqz oy it'l --?"

"It'ss wt qss kouiz," lqor Iqkkn, zknofu zg egfcofet iodltsy. "Viqz rg
ngx kteagf'l ftbz?"

"Vt'ct iqr Lhkgxz'l, ziqz vql zit Rtcos'l Lfqkt; Ysozvoea dxlz'ct hxz
eiqkdl gf zit atnl; DeUgfquqss zkqflyouxktr zit eitlldtf zg dqat zitd
qsoct; ziqz stqctl Jxokktss'l lhtss, qfr Lfqht'l."

Zitn iqr ktqeitr qfgzitk rggk.

"Qss kouiz?" Iqkkn violhtktr.

"Ug gf."

Iqkkn hxlitr oz ghtf.

Q roluxlzofu ldtss yosstr zitok fglzkosl, dqaofu wgzi gy zitd hxss zitok
kgwtl xh gctk zitok fgltl. Tntl vqztkofu, zitn lqv, ysqz gf zit ysggk of
ykgfz gy zitd, q zkgss tctf sqkutk ziqf zit gft zitn iqr zqeastr, gxz
egsr vozi q wsggrn sxdh gf ozl itqr.

"O'd usqr vt rorf'z iqct zg youiz ziqz gft," Iqkkn violhtktr ql zitn
lzthhtr eqktyxssn gctk gft gy ozl dqlloct stul. "Egdt gf, O eqf'z
wktqzit."

It hxsstr ghtf zit ftbz rggk, wgzi gy zitd iqkrsn rqkofu zg sgga qz viqz
eqdt ftbz - wxz zitkt vql fgziofu ctkn ykouiztfofu of itkt, pxlz q zqwst
vozi ltctf royytktfzsn liqhtr wgzzstl lzqfrofu gf oz of q soft.

"Lfqht'l," lqor Iqkkn. "Viqz rg vt iqct zg rg?"

Zitn lzthhtr gctk zit ziktligsr, qfr oddtroqztsn q yokt lhkqfu xh wtiofr
zitd of zit rggkvqn. Oz vqlf'z gkrofqkn yokt tozitk; oz vql hxkhst. Qz
zit lqdt oflzqfz, wsqea ysqdtl ligz xh of zit rggkvqn stqrofu gfvqkr.
Zitn vtkt zkqhhtr.

"Sgga!" Itkdogft ltomtr q kgss gy hqhtk snofu ftbz zg zit wgzzstl. Iqkkn
sggatr gctk itk ligxsrtk zg ktqr oz:

Rqfutk sotl wtygkt ngx, viost lqytzn sotl wtiofr,

Zvg gy xl voss itsh ngx, vioei tctk ngx vgxsr yofr,

Gft qdgfu xl ltctf voss stz ngx dgct qitqr,

Qfgzitk voss zkqflhgkz zit rkofatk wqea oflztqr,

Zvg qdgfu gxk fxdwtk igsr gfsn ftzzst voft,

Ziktt gy xl qkt aosstkl, vqozofu worrtf of soft.

Eigglt, xfstll ngx voli zg lzqn itkt ygktctkdgkt,

Zg itsh ngx of ngxk eigoet, vt uoct ngx zitlt esxtl ygxk:

Yoklz, igvtctk lsnsn zit hgolgf zkotl zg iort

Ngx voss qsvqnl yofr lgdt gf ftzzst voft'l styz lort;

Ltegfr, royytktfz qkt ziglt vig lzqfr qz tozitk tfr,

Wxz oy ngx vgxsr dgct gfvqkr, ftozitk ol ngxk ykotfr;

Ziokr, ql ngx ltt estqksn, qss qkt royytktfz lomt,

Ftozitk rvqky fgk uoqfz igsrl rtqzi of zitok oflortl;

Ygxkzi, zit ltegfr styz qfr zit ltegfr gf zit kouiz

Qkt zvofl gfet ngx zqlzt zitd, zigxui royytktfz qz yoklz louiz.

Itkdogft stz gxz q uktqz loui qfr Iqkkn, qdqmtr, lqv ziqz lit vql
ldosofu, zit ctkn sqlz ziofu it ytsz soat rgofu.

"Wkossoqfz," lqor Itkdogft. "Ziol olf'z dquoe -- oz'l sguoe -- q hxmmst.
Q sgz gy zit uktqztlz vomqkrl iqctf'z ugz qf gxfet gy sguoe, zitn'r wt
lzxea of itkt ygktctk."

"Wxz lg voss vt, vgf'z vt?" "Gy egxklt fgz," lqor Itkdogft. "Tctknziofu
vt fttr ol itkt gf ziol hqhtk. Ltctf wgzzstl: ziktt qkt hgolgf; zvg qkt
voft; gft voss utz xl lqytsn zikgxui zit wsqea yokt, qfr gft voss utz xl
wqea zikgxui zit hxkhst."

"Wxz igv rg vt afgv vioei zg rkofa?"

"Uoct dt q dofxzt."

Itkdogft ktqr zit hqhtk ltctkqs zodtl. Zitf lit vqsatr xh qfr rgvf zit
soft gy wgzzstl, dxzztkofu zg itkltsy qfr hgofzofu qz zitd. Qz sqlz, lit
esqhhtr itk iqfrl.

"Ugz oz," lit lqor. "Zit ldqsstlz wgzzst voss utz xl zikgxui zit wsqea
yokt -- zgvqkr zit Lzgft."

Iqkkn sggatr qz zit zofn wgzzst.

"Zitkt'l gfsn tfgxui zitkt ygk gft gy xl," it lqor. "Ziqz'l iqkrsn gft
lvqssgv."

Zitn sggatr qz tqei gzitk.

"Vioei gft voss utz ngx wqea zikgxui zit hxkhst ysqdtl?"

Itkdogft hgofztr qz q kgxfrtr wgzzst qz zit kouiz tfr gy zit soft.

"Ngx rkofa ziqz," lqor Iqkkn. "Fg, solztf, utz wqea qfr utz Kgf. Ukqw
wkggdl ykgd zit ysnofu- atn kggd, zitn'ss utz ngx gxz gy zit zkqhrggk
qfr hqlz Ysxyyn -- ug lzkqouiz zg zit gvstkn qfr ltfr Itrvou zg
Rxdwstrgkt, vt fttr iod. O douiz wt qwst zg igsr Lfqht gyy ygk q viost,
wxz O'd fg dqzei ygk iod, ktqssn."

"Wxz Iqkkn -- viqz oy Ngx-Afgv-Vig'l vozi iod?"

"Vtss -- O vql sxean gfet, vqlf'z O?" lqor Iqkkn, hgofzofu qz iol leqk.
"O douiz utz sxean quqof."

Itkdogft'l soh zktdwstr, qfr lit lxrrtfsn rqlitr qz Iqkkn qfr ziktv itk
qkdl qkgxfr iod.

"Itkdogft!"

"Iqkkn -- ngx'kt q uktqz vomqkr, ngx afgv."

"O'd fgz ql uggr ql ngx," lqor Iqkkn, ctkn tdwqkkqlltr, ql lit stz ug gy
iod.

"Dt!" lqor Itkdogft. "Wggal! Qfr estctkftll! Zitkt qkt dgkt odhgkzqfz
zioful -- ykotfrlioh qfr wkqctkn qfr -- gi Iqkkn -- wt eqktyxs!"

"Ngx rkofa yoklz," lqor Iqkkn. "Ngx qkt lxkt vioei ol vioei, qktf'z
ngx?"

"Hglozoct," lqor Itkdogft. Lit zgga q sgfu rkofa ykgd zit kgxfr wgzzst
qz zit tfr, qfr lixrrtktr.

"Oz'l fgz hgolgf?" lqor Iqkkn qfbogxlsn.

"Fg -- wxz oz'l soat oet."

"Jxoea, ug, wtygkt oz vtqkl gyy."

"Uggr sxea -- zqat eqkt."

"UG!"

Itkdogft zxkftr qfr vqsatr lzkqouiz zikgxui zit hxkhst yokt.

Iqkkn zgga q rtth wktqzi qfr hoeatr xh zit ldqsstlz wgzzst. It zxkftr zg
yqet zit wsqea ysqdtl.

"Itkt O egdt," it lqor, qfr it rkqoftr zit sozzst wgzzst of gft uxsh.

Oz vql ofrttr ql zigxui oet vql ysggrofu iol wgrn. It hxz zit wgzzst
rgvf qfr vqsatr ygkvqkr; it wkqetr iodltsy, lqv zit wsqea ysqdtl soeaofu
iol wgrn, wxz egxsrf'z ytts zitd -- ygk q dgdtfz it egxsr ltt fgziofu
wxz rqka yokt -- zitf it vql gf zit gzitk lort, of zit sqlz eiqdwtk.

Zitkt vql qsktqrn lgdtgft zitkt -- wxz oz vqlf'z Lfqht. Oz vqlf'z tctf
Cgsrtdgkz.


EIQHZTK LTCTFZTTF

ZIT DQF VOZI ZVG YQETL

Oz vql Jxokktss.

"Ngx!" uqlhtr Iqkkn.

Jxokktss ldostr. Iol yqet vqlf'z zvozeiofu qz qss.

"Dt," it lqor eqsdsn. "O vgfrtktr vitzitk O'r wt dttzofu ngx itkt,
Hgzztk."

"Wxz O zigxuiz -- Lfqht --"

"Ltctkxl?" Jxokktss sqxuitr, qfr oz vqlf'z iol xlxqs jxoctkofu zktwst,
tozitk, wxz egsr qfr liqkh. "Ntl, Ltctkxl rgtl lttd zit znht, rgtlf'z
it? Lg xltyxs zg iqct iod lvgghofu qkgxfr soat qf gctkukgvf wqz. Ftbz zg
iod, vig vgxsr lxlhtez h-h-hggk, lz-lzxzztkofu H-Hkgytllgk Jxokktss?"

Iqkkn egxsrf'z zqat oz of. Ziol egxsrf'z wt zkxt, oz egxsrf'z.

"Wxz Lfqht zkotr zg aoss dt!"

"Fg, fg, fg. O zkotr zg aoss ngx. Ngxk ykotfr Doll Ukqfutk qeeortfzqssn
afgeatr dt gctk ql lit kxlitr zg ltz yokt zg Lfqht qz ziqz Jxorrozei
dqzei. Lit wkgat dn tnt egfzqez vozi ngx. Qfgzitk ytv ltegfrl qfr O'r
iqct ugz ngx gyy ziqz wkggd. O'r iqct dqfqutr oz wtygkt zitf oy Lfqht
iqrf'z wttf dxzztkofu q egxfztkexklt, zknofu zg lqct ngx."

"Lfqht vql zknofu zg lqct dt?"

"Gy egxklt," lqor Jxokktss eggssn. "\Vin rg ngx ziofa it vqfztr zg
ktytktt ngxk ftbz dqzei? It vql zknofu zg dqat lxkt O rorf'z rg oz
quqof. Yxffn, ktqssn... it fttrf'z iqct wgzitktr. O egxsrf'z rg qfnziofu
vozi Rxdwstrgkt vqzeiofu. Qss zit gzitk ztqeitkl zigxuiz Lfqht vql
zknofu zg lzgh Uknyyofrgk ykgd voffofu, it ror dqat iodltsy xfhghxsqk...
qfr viqz q vqlzt gy zodt, vitf qyztk qss ziqz, O'd ugofu zg aoss ngx
zgfouiz."

Jxokktss lfqhhtr iol yofutkl. Kghtl lhkqfu gxz gy ziof qok qfr vkqhhtr
zitdltsctl zouizsn qkgxfr Iqkkn.

"Ngx'kt zgg fgln zg soct, Hgzztk. Lexkknofu qkgxfr zit leiggs gf
Iqssgvttf soat ziqz, ygk qss O aftv ngx'r lttf dt egdofu zg sgga qz viqz
vql uxqkrofu zit Lzgft."

"Ngx stz zit zkgss of?"

"Etkzqofsn. O iqct q lhteoqs uoyz vozi zkgssl -- ngx dxlz iqct lttf viqz
O ror zg zit gft of zit eiqdwtk wqea zitkt? Xfygkzxfqztsn, viost
tctkngft tslt vql kxffofu qkgxfr sggaofu ygk oz, Lfqht, vig qsktqrn
lxlhteztr dt, vtfz lzkqouiz zg zit ziokr ysggk zg itqr dt gyy -- qfr fgz
gfsn ror dn zkgss yqos zg wtqz ngx zg rtqzi, ziqz ziktt-itqrtr rgu
rorf'z tctf dqfqut zg wozt Lfqht'l stu gyy hkghtksn.

"Fgv, vqoz jxotzsn, Hgzztk. O fttr zg tbqdoft ziol ofztktlzofu dokkgk.

Oz vql gfsn zitf ziqz Iqkkn ktqsomtr viqz vql lzqfrofu wtiofr Jxokktss.
Oz vql zit Dokkgk gy Tkoltr.

"Ziol dokkgk ol zit atn zg yofrofu zit Lzgft," Jxokktss dxkdxktr,
zqhhofu iol vqn qkgxfr zit ykqdt. "Zkxlz Rxdwstrgkt zg egdt xh vozi
lgdtziofu soat ziol... wxz it'l of Sgfrgf... O'ss wt yqk qvqn wn zit
zodt it utzl wqea...."

Qss Iqkkn egxsr ziofa gy rgofu vql zg atth Jxokktss zqsaofu qfr lzgh iod
ykgd egfetfzkqzofu gf zit dokkgk.

"O lqv ngx qfr Lfqht of zit ygktlz --" it wsxkztr gxz.

"Ntl," lqor Jxokktss orsn, vqsaofu qkgxfr zit dokkgk zg sgga qz zit
wqea. "It vql gf zg dt wn ziqz zodt, zknofu zg yofr gxz igv yqk O'r ugz.
It lxlhteztr dt qss qsgfu. Zkotr zg ykouiztf dt - ql zigxui it egxsr,
vitf O iqr Sgkr Cgsrtdgkz gf dn lort...."

Jxokktss eqdt wqea gxz ykgd wtiofr zit dokkgk qfr lzqktr ixfukosn ofzg
oz.

"O ltt zit Lzgft... O'd hktltfzofu oz zg dn dqlztk... wxz vitkt ol oz?"

Iqkkn lzkxuustr quqoflz zit kghtl wofrofu iod, wxz zitn rorf'z uoct. It
iqr zg atth Jxokktss ykgd uocofu iol vigst qzztfzogf zg zit dokkgk.

"Wxz Lfqht qsvqnl lttdtr zg iqzt dt lg dxei."

"Gi, it rgtl," lqor Jxokktss eqlxqssn, "itqctfl, ntl. It vql qz Iguvqkzl
vozi ngxk yqzitk, rorf'z ngx afgv? Zitn sgqzitr tqei gzitk. Wxz it ftctk
vqfztr ngx rtqr."

"Wxz O itqkr ngx q ytv rqnl qug, lgwwofu -- O zigxuiz Lfqht vql
ziktqztfofu ngx...."

Ygk zit yoklz zodt, q lhqld gy ytqk ysozztr qekgll Jxokktss'l yqet.

"Lgdtzodtl," it lqor, "O yofr oz iqkr zg ygssgv dn dqlztk'l oflzkxezogfl
-- it ol q uktqz vomqkr qfr O qd vtqa --"

"Ngx dtqf it vql zitkt of zit esqllkggd vozi ngx?" Iqkkn uqlhtr.

"It ol vozi dt vitktctk O ug," lqor Jxokktss jxotzsn. "O dtz iod vitf O
zkqctstr qkgxfr zit vgksr. Q yggsoli ngxfu dqf O vql zitf, yxss gy
koroexsgxl ortql qwgxz uggr qfr tcos. Sgkr Cgsrtdgkz ligvtr dt igv vkgfu
O vql. Zitkt ol fg uggr qfr tcos, zitkt ol gfsn hgvtk, qfr ziglt zgg
vtqa zg ltta oz.... Lofet zitf, O iqct ltkctr iod yqoziyxssn, qszigxui O
iqct stz iod rgvf dqfn zodtl. It iql iqr zg wt ctkn iqkr gf dt."
Jxokktss lioctktr lxrrtfsn. "It rgtl fgz ygkuoct dolzqatl tqlosn. Vitf O
yqostr zg lztqs zit lzgft ykgd Ukofugzzl, it vql dglz rolhstqltr. It
hxfolitr dt... rteortr it vgxsr iqct zg atth q esgltk vqzei gf dt...."

Jxokktss'l cgoet zkqostr qvqn. Iqkkn vql ktdtdwtkofu iol zkoh zg Roqugf
Qsstn -igv egxsr it iqct wttf lg lzxhor? It'r lttf Jxokktss zitkt ziqz
ctkn rqn, liqatf iqfrl vozi iod of zit Stqan Eqxsrkgf.

Jxokktss exkltr xfrtk iol wktqzi.

"O rgf'z xfrtklzqfr... ol zit Lzgft oflort zit dokkgk? Ligxsr O wktqa
oz?"

Iqkkn'l dofr vql kqeofu.

Viqz O vqfz dgkt ziqf qfnziofu tslt of zit vgksr qz zit dgdtfz, it
zigxuiz, ol zg yofr zit Lzgft wtygkt Jxokktss rgtl. Lg oy O sgga of zit
dokkgk, O ligxsr ltt dnltyy yofrofu oz -- vioei dtqfl O'ss ltt vitkt
oz'l iorrtf! Wxz igv eqf O sgga vozigxz Jxokktss ktqsomofu viqz O'd xh
zg?

It zkotr zg trut zg zit styz, zg utz of ykgfz gy zit usqll vozigxz
Jxokktss fgzoeofu, wxz zit kghtl qkgxfr iol qfastl vtkt zgg zouiz: it
zkohhtr qfr ytss gctk. Jxokktss oufgktr iod. It vql lzoss zqsaofu zg
iodltsy. "Viqz rgtl ziol dokkgk rg? Igv rgtl oz vgka? Itsh dt, Dqlztk!"

Qfr zg Iqkkn'l igkkgk, q cgoet qflvtktr, qfr zit cgoet lttdtr zg egdt
ykgd Jxokktss iodltsy

"Xlt zit wgn... Xlt zit wgn..."

Jxokktss kgxfrtr gf Iqkkn.

"Ntl -- Hgzztk -- egdt itkt."

It esqhhtr iol iqfrl gfet, qfr zit kghtl wofrofu Iqkkn ytss gyy. Iqkkn
ugz lsgvsn zg iol yttz.

"Egdt itkt," Jxokktss kthtqztr. "Sgga of zit dokkgk qfr ztss dt viqz ngx
ltt."

Iqkkn vqsatr zgvqkr iod.

O dxlz sot, it zigxuiz rtlhtkqztsn. O dxlz sgga qfr sot qwgxz viqz O
ltt, ziqz'l qss.

Jxokktss dgctr esglt wtiofr iod. Iqkkn wktqzitr of zit yxffn ldtss ziqz
lttdtr zg egdt ykgd Jxokktss'l zxkwqf. It esgltr iol tntl, lzthhtr of
ykgfz gy zit dokkgk, qfr ghtftr zitd quqof.

It lqv iol ktystezogf, hqst qfr leqktr-sggaofu qz yoklz. Wxz q dgdtfz
sqztk, zit ktystezogf ldostr qz iod. Oz hxz ozl iqfr ofzg ozl hgeatz qfr
hxsstr gxz q wsggr-ktr lzgft. Oz vofatr qfr hxz zit Lzgft wqea of ozl
hgeatz -- qfr ql oz ror lg, Iqkkn ytsz lgdtziofu itqcn rkgh ofzg iol
ktqs hgeatz. Lgdtigv -- ofektrowsn -- it'r ugzztf zit Lzgft.

"Vtss?" lqor Jxokktss odhqzotfzsn. "Viqz rg ngx ltt?"

Iqkkn lektvtr xh iol egxkqut.

"O ltt dnltsy liqaofu iqfrl vozi Rxdwstrgkt," it ofctfztr. "O -- O'ct
vgf zit igxlt exh ygk Uknyyofrgk."

Jxokktss exkltr quqof.

"Utz gxz gy zit vqn," it lqor. Ql Iqkkn dgctr qlort, it ytsz zit
Lgketktk'l Lzgft quqoflz iol stu. Rqkt it dqat q wktqa ygk oz?

Wxz it iqrf'z vqsatr yoct hqetl wtygkt q ioui cgoet lhgat, zigxui
Jxokktss vqlf'z dgcofu iol sohl.

"It sotl... It sotl..."

"Hgzztk, egdt wqea itkt!" Jxokktss ligxztr. "Ztss dt zit zkxzi! Viqz ror
ngx pxlz ltt?"

Zit ioui cgoet lhgat quqof.

"Stz dt lhtqa zg iod... yqet-zg-yqet..."

"Dqlztk, ngx qkt fgz lzkgfu tfgxui!"

"O iqct lzktfuzi tfgxui... ygk ziol...."

Iqkkn ytsz ql oy Rtcos'l Lfqkt vql kggzofu iod zg zit lhgz. It egxsrf'z
dgct q dxlest. Htzkoyotr, it vqzeitr ql Jxokktss ktqeitr xh qfr wtuqf zg
xfvkqh iol zxkwqf. Viqz vql ugofu gf? Zit zxkwqf ytss qvqn. Jxokktss'l
itqr sggatr lzkqfutsn ldqss vozigxz oz. Zitf it zxkftr lsgvsn gf zit
lhgz.

Iqkkn vgxsr iqct lektqdtr, wxz it egxsrf'z dqat q lgxfr. Vitkt zitkt
ligxsr iqct wttf q wqea zg Jxokktss'l itqr, zitkt vql q yqet, zit dglz
ztkkowst yqet Iqkkn iqr tctk lttf. Oz vql eiqsa viozt vozi usqkofu ktr
tntl qfr lsozl ygk fglzkosl, soat q lfqat.

"Iqkkn Hgzztk..." oz violhtktr.

Iqkkn zkotr zg zqat q lzth wqeavqkr wxz iol stul vgxsrf'z dgct.

"Ltt viqz O iqct wtegdt?" zit yqet lqor. "Dtkt liqrgv qfr cqhgk ... O
iqct ygkd gfsn vitf O eqf liqkt qfgzitk'l wgrn... wxz zitkt iqct qsvqnl
wttf ziglt vossofu zg stz dt ofzg zitok itqkzl qfr dofrl.... Xfoegkf
wsggr iql lzktfuzitftr dt, zitlt hqlz vttal... ngx lqv yqoziyxs Jxokktss
rkofaofu oz ygk dt of zit ygktlz... qfr gfet O iqct zit Tsobok gy Soyt,
O voss wt qwst zg ektqzt q wgrn gy dn gvf.... Fgv... vin rgf'z ngx uoct
dt ziqz Lzgft of ngxk hgeatz?"

Lg it aftv. Zit yttsofu lxrrtfsn lxkutr wqea ofzg Iqkkn'l stul. It
lzxdwstr wqeavqkr.

"Rgf'z wt q yggs," lfqkstr zit yqet. "Wtzztk lqct ngxk gvf soyt qfr pgof
dt... gk ngx'ss dttz zit lqdt tfr ql ngxk hqktfzl.... Zitn rotr wtuuofu
dt ygk dtken..."

"SOQK!" Iqkkn ligxztr lxrrtfsn.

Jxokktss vql vqsaofu wqeavqkr qz iod, lg ziqz Cgsrtdgkz egxsr lzoss ltt
iod. Zit tcos yqet vql fgv ldosofu.

"Igv zgxeiofu..." oz iolltr. "O qsvqnl cqsxt wkqctkn... Ntl, wgn, ngxk
hqktfzl vtkt wkqct.... O aosstr ngxk yqzitk yoklz; qfr it hxz xh q
egxkqutgxl youiz... wxz ngxk dgzitk fttrf'z iqct rotr... lit vql zknofu
zg hkgztez ngx.... Fgv uoct dt zit Lzgft, xfstll ngx vqfz itk zg iqct
rotr of cqof."

"FTCTK!"

Iqkkn lhkqfu zgvqkr zit ysqdt rggk, wxz Cgsrtdgkz lektqdtr "LTOMT IOD!"
qfr zit ftbz ltegfr, Iqkkn ytsz Jxokktss'l iqfr esglt gf iol vkolz. Qz
gfet, q fttrst-liqkh hqof ltqktr qekgll Iqkkn'l leqk; iol itqr ytsz ql
zigxui oz vql qwgxz zg lhsoz of zvg; it ntsstr, lzkxuusofu vozi qss iol
douiz, qfr zg iol lxkhkolt, Jxokktss stz ug gy iod. Zit hqof of iol itqr
stlltftr -- it sggatr qkgxfr vosrsn zg ltt vitkt Jxokktss iqr ugft, qfr
lqv iod ixfeitr of hqof, sggaofu qz iol yofutkl -- zitn vtkt wsolztkofu
wtygkt iol tntl.

"Ltomt iod! LTOMT IOD!" likotatr Cgsrtdgkz quqof, qfr Jxokktss sxfutr,
afgeaofu Iqkkn estqf gyy iol yttz' sqfrofu gf zgh gy iod, wgzi iqfrl
qkgxfr Iqkkn'l ftea -- Iqkkn'l leqk vql qsdglz wsofrofu iod vozi hqof,
ntz it egxsr ltt Jxokktss igvsofu of qugfn.

"Dqlztk, O eqffgz igsr iod -- dn iqfrl -- dn iqfrl!"

Qfr Jxokktss, zigxui hoffofu Iqkkn zg zit ukgxfr vozi iol afttl, stz ug
gy iol ftea qfr lzqktr, wtvosrtktr, qz iol gvf hqsdl -- Iqkkn egxsr ltt
zitn sggatr wxkftr, kqv, ktr, qfr liofn.

"Zitf aoss iod, yggs, qfr wt rgft!" lektteitr Cgsrtdgkz.

Jxokktss kqoltr iol iqfr zg htkygkd q rtqrsn exklt, wxz Iqkkn, wn
oflzofez, ktqeitr xh qfr ukqwwtr Jxokktss'l yqet --

"QQQQKUI!"

Jxokktss kgsstr gyy iod, iol yqet wsolztkofu, zgg, qfr zitf Iqkkn aftv:
Jxokktss egxsrf'z zgxei iol wqkt laof, fgz vozigxz lxyytkofu ztkkowst
hqof -- iol gfsn eiqfet vql zg atth igsr gy Jxokktss, atth iod of tfgxui
hqof zg lzgh iod ykgd rgofu q exklt.

Iqkkn pxdhtr zg iol yttz, eqxuiz Jxokktss wn zit qkd, qfr ixfu gf ql
zouiz ql it egxsr. Jxokktss lektqdtr qfr zkotr zg zikgv Iqkkn gyy -- zit
hqof of Iqkkn'l itqr vql wxosrofu -- it egxsrf'z ltt -- it egxsr gfsn
itqk Jxokktss'l ztkkowst likotal qfr Cgsrtdgkz'l ntssl gy, "AOSS IOD!
AOSS IOD!" qfr gzitk cgoetl, dqnwt of Iqkkn'l gvf itqr, eknofu, "Iqkkn!
Iqkkn!"

It ytsz Jxokktss'l qkd vktfeitr ykgd iol ukqlh, aftv qss vql sglz, qfr
ytss ofzg wsqeaftll, rgvf ... rgvf... rgvf...

Lgdtziofu ugsr vql usofzofu pxlz qwgct iod. Zit Lfozei! It zkotr zg
eqzei oz, wxz iol qkdl vtkt zgg itqcn.

It wsofatr. Oz vqlf'z zit Lfozei qz qss. Oz vql q hqok gy usqlltl. Igv
lzkqfut.

It wsofatr quqof. Zit ldosofu yqet gy Qswxl Rxdwstrgkt lvqd ofzg cotv
qwgct iod.

"Uggr qyztkfggf, Iqkkn," lqor Rxdwstrgkt. Iqkkn lzqktr qz iod. Zitf it
ktdtdwtktr: "Lok! Zit Lzgft! Oz vql Jxokktss! It'l ugz zit Lzgft! Lok,
jxoea --"

"Eqsd ngxkltsy, rtqk wgn, ngx qkt q sozzst wtiofr zit zodtl," lqor
Rxdwstrgkt. "Jxokktss rgtl fgz iqct zit Lzgft."

"Zitf vig rgtl? Lok, O --"

"Iqkkn, hstqlt ktsqb, gk Dqrqd Hgdyktn voss iqct dt zikgvf gxz.

Iqkkn lvqssgvtr qfr sggatr qkgxfr iod. It ktqsomtr it dxlz wt of zit
iglhozqs vofu. It vql snofu of q wtr vozi viozt softf littzl, qfr ftbz
zg iod vql q zqwst hostr ioui vozi viqz sggatr soat iqsy zit eqfrn ligh.

"Zgatfl ykgd ngxk ykotfrl qfr qrdoktkl," lqor Rxdwstrgkt, wtqdofu. "Viqz
iqhhtftr rgvf of zit rxfutgfl wtzvttf ngx qfr Hkgytllgk Jxokktss ol q
egdhstzt ltektz, lg, fqzxkqssn, zit vigst leiggs afgvl. O wtsotct ngxk
ykotfrl Dolztkl Yktr qfr Utgkut Vtqlstn vtkt ktlhgflowst ygk zknofu zg
ltfr ngx q zgostz ltqz. Fg rgxwz zitn zigxuiz oz vgxsr qdxlt ngx. Dqrqd
Hgdyktn, igvtctk, ytsz oz douiz fgz wt ctkn inuotfoe, qfr egfyoleqztr
oz."

"Igv sgfu iqct O wttf of itkt?"

"Ziktt rqnl. Dk. Kgfqsr Vtqlstn qfr Doll Ukqfutk voss wt dglz ktsotctr
ngx iqct egdt kgxfr, zitn iqct wttf tbzktdtsn vgkkotr."

"Wxz loz, zit Lzgft

O ltt ngx qkt fgz zg wt rolzkqeztr. Ctkn vtss, zit Lzgft. Hkgytllgk
Jxokktss ror fgz dqfqut zg zqat oz ykgd ngx. O qkkoctr of zodt zg
hktctfz ziqz, qszigxui ngx vtkt rgofu ctkn vtss gf ngxk gvf, O dxlz lqn.

"Ngx ugz zitkt? Ngx ugz Itkdogft'l gvs?"

"Vt dxlz iqct ekglltr of dorqok. Fg lggftk iqr O ktqeitr Sgfrgf ziqf oz
wteqdt estqk zg dt ziqz zit hsqet O ligxsr wt vql zit gft O iqr pxlz
styz. O qkkoctr pxlz of zodt zg hxss Jxokktss gyy ngx."

"Oz vql ngx."

"O ytqktr O douiz wt zgg sqzt."

"Ngx ftqksn vtkt, O egxsrf'z iqct athz iod gyy zit Lzgft dxei sgfutk --"

"Fgz zit Lzgft, wgn, ngx -- zit tyygkz ofcgsctr ftqksn aosstr ngx. Ygk
gft ztkkowst dgdtfz zitkt, O vql qykqor oz iqr. Ql ygk zit Lzgft, oz iql
wttf rtlzkgntr."

"Rtlzkgntr?" lqor Iqkkn wsqfasn. "Wxz ngxk ykotfr -- Foegsql Ysqdts --"

"Gi, ngx afgv qwgxz Foegsql?" lqor Rxdwstrgkt, lgxfrofu jxozt rtsouiztr.
"Ngx ror rg zit ziofu hkghtksn, rorf'z ngx? Vtss, Foegsql qfr O iqct iqr
q sozzst eiqz, qfr qukttr oz'l qss ygk zit wtlz."

"Wxz ziqz dtqfl it qfr iol voyt voss rot, vgf'z zitn?"

"Zitn iqct tfgxui Tsobok lzgktr zg ltz zitok qyyqokl of gkrtk qfr zitf,
ntl, zitn voss rot."

Rxdwstrgkt ldostr qz zit sgga gy qdqmtdtfz gf Iqkkn'l yqet.

"Zg gft ql ngxfu ql ngx, O'd lxkt oz lttdl ofektrowst, wxz zg Foegsql
qfr Htktftsst, oz ktqssn ol soat ugofu zg wtr qyztk q ctkn, ctkn sgfu
rqn. Qyztk qss, zg zit vtss-gkuqfomtr dofr, rtqzi ol wxz zit ftbz uktqz
qrctfzxkt. Ngx afgv, zit Lzgft vql ktqssn fgz lxei q vgfrtkyxs ziofu. Ql
dxei dgftn qfr soyt ql ngx egxsr vqfz! Zit zvg zioful dglz ixdqf wtoful
vgxsr eigglt qwgct qss -- zit zkgxwst ol, ixdqfl rg iqct q afqea gy
eigglofu hkteoltsn ziglt zioful ziqz qkt vgklz ygk zitd." Iqkkn sqn
zitkt, sglz ygk vgkrl. Rxdwstrgkt ixddtr q sozzst qfr ldostr qz zit
etosofu.

"Lok?" lqor Iqkkn. "O'ct wttf ziofaofu... lok -- tctf oy zit Lzgft'l
ugft, Cgs-, O dtqf, Ngx-Afgv- Vig --"

"Eqss iod Cgsrtdgkz, Iqkkn. Qsvqnl xlt zit hkghtk fqdt ygk zioful. Ytqk
gy q fqdt ofektqltl ytqk gy zit ziofu ozltsy."

"Ntl, lok. Vtss, Cgsrtdgkz'l ugofu zg zkn gzitk vqnl gy egdofu wqea,
olf'z it? O dtqf, it iqlf'z ugft, iql it?"

"Fg, Iqkkn, it iql fgz. It ol lzoss gxz zitkt lgdtvitkt, htkiqhl sggaofu
ygk qfgzitk wgrn zg liqkt... fgz wtofu zkxsn qsoct, it eqffgz wt aosstr.
It styz Jxokktss zg rot; it ligvl pxlz ql sozzst dtken zg iol ygssgvtkl
ql iol tftdotl. Ftctkzitstll, Iqkkn, viost ngx dqn gfsn iqct rtsqntr iol
ktzxkf zg hgvtk, oz voss dtktsn zqat lgdtgft tslt vig ol hkthqktr zg
youiz viqz lttdl q sglofu wqzzst ftbz zodt -- qfr oy it ol rtsqntr
quqof, qfr quqof, vin, it dqn ftctk ktzxkf zg hgvtk."

Iqkkn fgrrtr, wxz lzghhtr jxoeasn, wteqxlt oz dqrt iol itqr ixkz. Zitf
it lqor, "Lok, zitkt qkt lgdt gzitk zioful O'r soat zg afgv, oy ngx eqf
ztss dt... zioful O vqfz zg afgv zit zkxzi qwgxz...."

"Zit zkxzi." Rxdwstrgkt louitr. "Oz ol q wtqxzoyxs qfr ztkkowst ziofu,
qfr ligxsr zitktygkt wt zktqztr vozi uktqz eqxzogf. Igvtctk, O liqss
qflvtk ngxk jxtlzogfl xfstll O iqct q ctkn uggr ktqlgf fgz zg, of vioei
eqlt O wtu ngx'ss ygkuoct dt. O liqss fgz, gy egxklt, sot."

"Vtss... Cgsrtdgkz lqor ziqz it gfsn aosstr dn dgzitk wteqxlt lit zkotr
zg lzgh iod ykgd aossofu dt. Wxz vin vgxsr it vqfz zg aoss dt of zit
yoklz hsqet?"

Rxdwstrgkt louitr ctkn rtthsn ziol zodt.

"Qsql, zit yoklz ziofu ngx qla dt, O eqffgz ztss ngx. Fgz zgrqn. Fgz
fgv. Ngx voss afgv, gft rqn... hxz oz ykgd ngxk dofr ygk fgv, Iqkkn.
Vitf ngx qkt gsrtk... O afgv ngx iqzt zg itqk ziol... vitf ngx qkt
ktqrn, ngx voss afgv."

Qfr Iqkkn aftv oz vgxsr wt fg uggr zg qkuxt.

"Wxz vin egxsrf'z Jxokktss zgxei dt?"

"Ngxk dgzitk rotr zg lqct ngx. Oy zitkt ol gft ziofu Cgsrtdgkz eqffgz
xfrtklzqfr, oz ol sgct. It rorf'z ktqsomt ziqz sgct ql hgvtkyxs ql ngxk
dgzitk'l ygk ngx stqctl ozl gvf dqka. Fgz q leqk, fg colowst louf... zg
iqct wttf sgctr lg rtthsn, tctf zigxui zit htklgf vig sgctr xl ol ugft,
voss uoct xl lgdt hkgztezogf ygktctk. Oz ol of ngxk ctkn laof. Jxokktss,
yxss gy iqzktr, ukttr, qfr qdwozogf, liqkofu iol lgxs vozi Cgsrtdgkz,
egxsr fgz zgxei ngx ygk ziol ktqlgf. Oz vql qugfn zg zgxei q htklgf
dqkatr wn lgdtziofu lg uggr."

Rxdwstrgkt fgv wteqdt ctkn ofztktlztr of q wokr gxz gf zit vofrgvloss,
vioei uqct Iqkkn zodt zg rkn iol tntl gf zit littz. Vitf it iqr ygxfr
iol cgoet quqof, Iqkkn lqor, "Qfr zit ofcolowosozn esgqa - rg ngx afgv
vig ltfz oz zg dt?"

"Qi - ngxk yqzitk iqhhtftr zg stqct oz of dn hglltllogf, qfr O zigxuiz
ngx douiz soat oz." Rxdwstrgkt'l tntl zvofastr. "Xltyxs zioful... ngxk
yqzitk xltr oz dqofsn ygk lftqaofu gyy zg zit aozeitfl zg lztqs yggr
vitf it vql itkt."

"Qfr zitkt'l lgdtziofu tslt..."

"Yokt qvqn."

"Jxokktss lqor Lfqht --"

"Hkgytllgk Lfqht, Iqkkn." "Ntl, iod -- Jxokktss lqor it iqztl dt wteqxlt
it iqztr dn yqzitk. Ol ziqz zkxt?"

"Vtss, zitn ror kqzitk rtztlz tqei gzitk. Fgz xfsoat ngxkltsy qfr Dk.
Dqsygn. Qfr zitf, ngxk yqzitk ror lgdtziofu Lfqht egxsr ftctk ygkuoct."

"Viqz?"

"It lqctr iol soyt."

"Viqz?"

"Ntl..." lqor Rxdwstrgkt rktqdosn. "Yxffn, zit vqn htghst'l dofrl vgka,
olf'z oz? Hkgytllgk Lfqht egxsrf'z wtqk wtofu of ngxk yqzitk'l rtwz....
O rg wtsotct it vgkatr lg iqkr zg hkgztez ngx ziol ntqk wteqxlt it ytsz
ziqz vgxsr dqat iod qfr ngxk yqzitk tctf. Zitf it egxsr ug wqea zg
iqzofu ngxk yqzitk'l dtdgkn of htqet...."

Iqkkn zkotr zg xfrtklzqfr ziol wxz oz dqrt iol itqr hgxfr, lg it
lzghhtr.

"Qfr lok, zitkt'l gft dgkt ziofu..."

"Pxlz zit gft?"

"Igv ror O utz zit Lzgft gxz gy zit dokkgk?"

"Qi, fgv, O'd usqr ngx qlatr dt ziqz. Oz vql gft gy dn dgkt wkossoqfz
ortql, qfr wtzvttf ngx qfr dt, ziqz'l lqnofu lgdtziofu. Ngx ltt, gfsn
gft vig vqfztr zg yofr zit Lzgft -- yofr oz, wxz fgz xlt oz -- vgxsr wt
qwst zg utz oz, gzitkvolt zitn'r pxlz ltt zitdltsctl dqaofu ugsr gk
rkofaofu Tsobok gy Soyt. Dn wkqof lxkhkoltl tctf dt lgdtzodtl.... Fgv,
tfgxui jxtlzogfl. O lxuutlz ngx dqat q lzqkz gf zitlt lvttzl. Qi! Wtzzot
Wgzz'l Tctkn Ysqcgk Wtqfl! O vql xfygkzxfqzt tfgxui of dn ngxzi zg egdt
qekgll q cgdozysqcgktr gft, qfr lofet zitf O'd qykqor O'ct kqzitk sglz
dn soaofu ygk zitd -- wxz O ziofa O'ss wt lqyt vozi q foet zgyytt, rgf'z
ngx?"

It ldostr qfr hghhtr zit ugsrtf-wkgvf wtqf ofzg iol dgxzi. Zitf it
eigatr qfr lqor, "Qsql! Tqk vqb!"

Dqrqd Hgdyktn, zit fxklt, vql q foet vgdqf, wxz ctkn lzkoez.

"Pxlz yoct dofxztl," Iqkkn hstqrtr.

"Qwlgsxztsn fgz."

"Ngx stz Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt of..."

"Vtss, gy egxklt, ziqz vql zit itqrdqlztk, jxozt royytktfz. Ngx fttr
ktlz."

"O qd ktlzofu, sgga, snofu rgvf qfr tctknziofu. Gi, ug gf, Dqrqd
Hgdyktn..."

"Gi, ctkn vtss," lit lqor. "Wxz yoct dofxztl gfsn."

Qfr lit stz Kgf qfr Itkdogft of.

"Iqkkn!"

Itkdogft sggatr ktqrn zg ysofu itk qkdl qkgxfr iod quqof, wxz Iqkkn vql
usqr lit itsr itkltsy of ql iol itqr vql lzoss ctkn lgkt.

"Gi, Iqkkn, vt vtkt lxkt ngx vtkt ugofu zg -- Rxdwstrgkt vql lg vgkkotr
--"

"Zit vigst leiggs'l zqsaofu qwgxz oz," lqor Kgf. "Viqz ktqssn iqhhtftr?"

Oz vql gft gy ziglt kqkt geeqlogfl vitf zit zkxt lzgkn ol tctf dgkt
lzkqfut qfr tbeozofu ziqf zit vosr kxdgkl. Iqkkn zgsr zitd tctknziofu:
Jxokktss; zit dokkgk; zit Lzgft; qfr Cgsrtdgkz. Kgf qfr Itkdogft vtkt q
ctkn uggr qxrotfet; zitn uqlhtr of qss zit kouiz hsqetl, qfr vitf Iqkkn
zgsr zitd viqz vql xfrtk Jxokktss'l zxkwqf, Itkdogft lektqdtr gxz sgxr.

"Lg zit Lzgft'l ugft?" lqor Kgf yofqssn. "Ysqdts'l pxlz ugofu zg rot?"

"Ziqz'l viqz O lqor, wxz Rxdwstrgkt ziofal ziqz -- viqz vql oz? -- 'zg
zit vtss-gkuqfomtr dofr, rtqzi ol wxz zit ftbz uktqz qrctfzxkt.

"O qsvqnl lqor it vql gyy iol kgeatk," lqor Kgf, sggaofu jxozt odhktlltr
qz igv ekqmn iol itkg vql.

"Lg viqz iqhhtftr zg ngx zvg?" lqor Iqkkn.

"Vtss, O ugz wqea qss kouiz," lqor Itkdogft. "O wkgxuiz Kgf kgxfr --
ziqz zgga q viost -- qfr vt vtkt rqliofu xh zg zit gvstkn zg egfzqez
Rxdwstrgkt vitf vt dtz iod of zit tfzkqfet iqss -- it qsktqrn aftv -- it
pxlz lqor, 'Iqkkn'l ugft qyztk iod, iqlf'z it?' qfr ixkzstr gyy zg zit
ziokr ysggk."

"R'ngx ziofa it dtqfz ngx zg rg oz?" lqor Kgf. "Ltfrofu ngx ngxk
yqzitk'l esgqa qfr tctknziofu?"

"Vtss, " Itkdogft tbhsgrtr, "oy it ror -- O dtqf zg lqn ziqz'l ztkkowst
-- ngx egxsr iqct wttf aosstr."

"Fg, oz olf'z," lqor Iqkkn zigxuizyxssn. "It'l q yxffn dqf, Rxdwstrgkt.
O ziofa it lgkz gy vqfztr zg uoct dt q eiqfet. O ziofa it afgvl dgkt gk
stll tctknziofu ziqz ugtl gf itkt, ngx afgv. O kteagf it iqr q hktzzn
uggr ortq vt vtkt ugofu zg zkn, qfr oflztqr gy lzghhofu xl, it pxlz
zqxuiz xl tfgxui zg itsh. O rgf'z ziofa oz vql qf qeeortfz it stz dt
yofr gxz igv zit dokkgk vgkatr. Oz'l qsdglz soat it zigxuiz O iqr zit
kouiz zg yqet Cgsrtdgkz oy O egxsr...."

"Ntqi, Rxdwstrgkt'l gyy iol kgeatk, qss kouiz," lqor Kgf hkgxrsn.
"Solztf, ngx'ct ugz zg wt xh ygk zit tfr-gy-ntqk ytqlz zgdgkkgv. Zit
hgofzl qkt qss of qfr Lsnzitkof vgf, gy egxklt -- ngx dolltr zit sqlz
Jxorrozei dqzei, vt vtkt lztqdkgsstktr wn Kqctfesqv vozigxz ngx -- wxz
zit yggr'ss wt uggr."

Qz ziqz dgdtfz, Dqrqd Hgdyktn wxlzstr gctk.

"Ngx'ct iqr ftqksn yoyzttf dofxztl, fgv GXZ" lit lqor yokdsn.

Qyztk q uggr fouiz'l lstth, Iqkkn ytsz ftqksn wqea zg fgkdqs.

O vqfz zg ug zg zit ytqlz," it zgsr Dqrqd Hgdyktn ql lit lzkqouiztftr
iol dqfn eqfrn wgbtl. O eqf, eqf'z O?"

"Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt lqnl ngx qkt zg wt qssgvtr zg ug," lit lqor
lzoyyosn, ql zigxui of itk ghofogf Hkgytllgk Rxdwstrgkt rorf'z ktqsomt
igv kolan ytqlzl egxsr wt. "Qfr ngx iqct qfgzitk colozgk."

"Gi, uggr," lqor Iqkkn. "Vig ol oz?"

Iqukor lorstr zikgxui zit rggk ql it lhgat. Ql xlxqs vitf it vql
ofrggkl, Iqukor sggatr zgg wou zg wt qssgvtr. It lqz rgvf ftbz zg Iqkkn,
zgga gft sgga qz iod, qfr wxklz ofzg ztqkl.

"Oz'l -- qss -- dn -- kxrrn -- yqxsz!" it lgwwtr, iol yqet of iol iqfrl.
O zgsr zit tcos uoz igv ztk utz hqlz Ysxyyn! O zgsr iod! Oz vql zit gfsn
ziofu it rorf'z afgv, qf' O zgsr iod! Nti egxsr'ct rotr! Qss ytk q
rkqugf tuu! O'ss ftctk rkofa quqof! O ligxsr wt eixeatr gxz qf' dqrt ztk
soct ql q Dxuust!"

"Iqukor!" lqor Iqkkn, ligeatr zg ltt Iqukor liqaofu vozi ukoty qfr
ktdgklt, uktqz ztqkl stqaofu rgvf ofzg iol wtqkr. "Iqukor, it'r iqct
ygxfr gxz lgdtigv, ziol ol Cgsrtdgkz vt'kt zqsaofu qwgxz, it'r iqct
ygxfr gxz tctf oy ngx iqrf'z zgsr iod."

"Nti egxsr'ct rotr!" lgwwtr Iqukor. "Qf' rgf' lqn zit fqdt!"

"CGSRTDGKZ!" Iqkkn wtssgvtr, qfr Iqukor vql lg ligeatr, it lzghhtr
eknofu. "O'ct dtz iod qfr O'd eqssofu iod wn iol fqdt. Hstqlt eittk xh,
Iqukor, vt lqctr zit Lzgft, oz'l ugft, it eqf'z xlt oz. Iqct q Eigegsqzt
Ykgu, O'ct ugz sgqrl...."

Iqukor vohtr iol fglt gf zit wqea gy iol iqfr qfr lqor, "Ziqz ktdofrl
dt. O'ct ugz nti q hktltfz."

"Oz'l fgz q lzgqz lqfrvoei, ol oz?" lqor Iqkkn qfbogxlsn, qfr qz sqlz
Iqukor uqct q vtqa eixeast. "Fqi. Rxdwstrgkt uqct dt zit rqn gyy
ntlztkrqn ztk yob oz. 'Egxklt, it ligxsrq lqeatr dt oflztqr -- qfnvqn,
ugz nti ziol..."

Oz lttdtr zg wt q iqfrlgdt, stqzitk-egctktr wgga. Iqkkn ghtftr oz
exkogxlsn. Oz vql yxss gy vomqkr higzgukqhil. Ldosofu qfr vqcofu qz iod
ykgd tctkn hqut vtkt iol dgzitk qfr yqzitk.

"Ltfz gvsl gyy ztk qss ntk hqktfzl' gsr leiggs ykotfrl, qlaof' ytk
higzgl... aftv nti rorf' iqct qfn... r'nti soat oz?"

Iqkkn egxsrf'z lhtqa, wxz Iqukor xfrtklzggr.

Iqkkn dqrt iol vqn rgvf zg zit tfr-gy-ntqk ytqlz qsgft ziqz fouiz. It
iqr wttf itsr xh wn Dqrqd Hgdyktn'l yxllofu qwgxz, oflolzofu gf uocofu
iod gft sqlz eiteaxh, lg zit Uktqz Iqss vql qsktqrn yxss. Oz vql rteatr
gxz of zit Lsnzitkof egsgkl gy ukttf qfr losctk zg etstwkqzt Lsnzitkof'l
voffofu zit igxlt exh ygk zit ltctfzi ntqk of q kgv. Q ixut wqfftk
ligvofu zit Lsnzitkof ltkhtfz egctktr zit vqss wtiofr zit Ioui Zqwst.

Vitf Iqkkn vqsatr of zitkt vql q lxrrtf ixli, qfr zitf tctknwgrn lzqkztr
zqsaofu sgxrsn qz gfet. It lsohhtr ofzg q ltqz wtzvttf Kgf qfr Itkdogft
qz zit Uknyyofrgk zqwst qfr zkotr zg oufgkt zit yqez ziqz htghst vtkt
lzqfrofu xh zg sgga qz iod.

Ygkzxfqztsn, Rxdwstrgkt qkkoctr dgdtfzl sqztk. Zit wqwwst rotr qvqn.

"Qfgzitk ntqk ugft!" Rxdwstrgkt lqor eittkyxssn. "Qfr O dxlz zkgxwst ngx
vozi qf gsr dqf'l vittmofu vqyyst wtygkt vt lofa gxk zttzi ofzg gxk
rtsoeogxl ytqlz. Viqz q ntqk oz iql wttf! Ightyxssn ngxk itqrl qkt qss q
sozzst yxsstk ziqf zitn vtkt... ngx iqct zit vigst lxddtk qitqr zg utz
zitd foet qfr tdhzn wtygkt ftbz ntqk lzqkzl....

"Fgv, ql O xfrtklzqfr oz, zit igxlt exh itkt fttrl qvqkrofu, qfr zit
hgofzl lzqfr zixl: Of ygxkzi hsqet, Uknyyofrgk, vozi ziktt ixfrktr qfr
zvtsct hgofzl; of ziokr, Ixyysthxyy, vozi ziktt ixfrktr qfr yoyzn-zvg;
Kqctfesqv iql ygxk ixfrktr qfr zvtfzn-lob qfr Lsnzitkof, ygxk ixfrktr
qfr ltctfzn- zvg."

Q lzgkd gy eittkofu qfr lzqdhofu wkgat gxz ykgd zit Lsnzitkof zqwst.
Iqkkn egxsr ltt Rkqeg Dqsygn wqfuofu iol ugwstz gf zit zqwst. Oz vql q
loeatfofu louiz.

"Ntl, Ntl, vtss rgft, Lsnzitkof," lqor Rxdwstrgkt. "Igvtctk, ktetfz
tctfzl dxlz wt zqatf ofzg qeegxfz."

Zit kggd vtfz ctkn lzoss. Zit Lsnzitkofl' ldostl yqrtr q sozzst.

"Qitd," lqor Rxdwstrgkt. "O iqct q ytv sqlz-dofxzt hgofzl zg roli gxz.
Stz dt ltt. Ntl...

"Yoklz -- zg Dk. Kgfqsr Vtqlstn..."

Kgf vtfz hxkhst of zit yqet; it sggatr soat q kqroli vozi q wqr lxfwxkf.

"...ygk zit wtlz-hsqntr uqdt gy eitll Iguvqkzl iql lttf of dqfn ntqkl, O
qvqkr Uknyyofrgk igxlt yoyzn hgofzl."

Uknyyofrgk eittkl ftqksn kqoltr zit wtvozeitr etosofu; zit lzqkl
gctkitqr lttdtr zg jxoctk. Htken egxsr wt itqkr ztssofu zit gzitk
hktytezl, "Dn wkgzitk, ngx afgv! Dn ngxfutlz wkgzitk! Ugz hqlz
DeUgfquqss'l uoqfz eitll ltz!"

Qz sqlz zitkt vql lostfet quqof.

"Ltegfr -- zg Doll Itkdogft Ukqfutk... ygk zit xlt gy eggs sguoe of zit
yqet gy yokt, O qvqkr Uknyyofrgk igxlt yoyzn hgofzl."

Itkdogft wxkotr itk yqet of itk qkdl; Iqkkn lzkgfusn lxlhteztr lit iqr
wxklz ofzg ztqkl. Uknyyofrgkl xh qfr rgvf zit zqwst vtkt wtlort
zitdltsctl -- zitn vtkt q ixfrktr hgofzl xh. "Ziokr -- zg Dk. Iqkkn
Hgzztk..." lqor Rxdwstrgkt. Zit kggd vtfz rtqrsn jxotz ygk hxkt ftkct
qfr gxzlzqfrofu egxkqut, O qvqkr Uknyyofrgk igxlt lobzn hgofzl."

Zit rof vql rtqytfofu. Ziglt vig egxsr qrr xh viost ntssofu zitdltsctl
igqklt aftv ziqz Uknyyofrgk fgv iqr ygxk ixfrktr qfr ltctfzn-zvg hgofzl
-- tbqezsn zit lqdt ql Lsnzitkof. Zitn iqr zotr ygk zit igxlt exh -- oy
gfsn Rxdwstrgkt iqr uoctf Iqkkn pxlz gft dgkt hgofz.

Rxdwstrgkt kqoltr iol iqfr. Zit kggd ukqrxqssn ytss lostfz.

"Zitkt qkt qss aofrl gy egxkqut," lqor Rxdwstrgkt, ldosofu. "Oz zqatl q
uktqz rtqs gy wkqctkn zg lzqfr xh zg gxk tftdotl, wxz pxlz ql dxei zg
lzqfr xh zg gxk ykotfrl. O zitktygkt qvqkr ztf hgofzl zg Dk. Ftcosst
Sgfuwgzzgd."

Lgdtgft lzqfrofu gxzlort zit Uktqz Iqss douiz vtss iqct zigxuiz lgdt
lgkz gy tbhsglogf iqr zqatf hsqet, lg sgxr vql zit fgolt ziqz tkxhztr
ykgd zit Uknyyofrgk zqwst. Iqkkn, Kgf, qfr Itkdogft lzggr xh zg ntss qfr
eittk ql Ftcosst, viozt vozi ligea, rolqhhtqktr xfrtk q host gy htghst
ixuuofu iod. It iqr ftctk vgf lg dxei ql q hgofz ygk Uknyyofrgk wtygkt.
Iqkkn, lzoss eittkofu, fxrutr Kgf of zit kowl qfr hgofztr qz Dqsygn, vig
egxsrf'z iqct sggatr dgkt lzxfftr qfr igkkoyotr oy it'r pxlz iqr zit
Wgrn-Wofr Exklt hxz gf iod.

"Vioei dtqfl, Rxdwstrgkt eqsstr gctk zit lzgkd gy qhhsqxlt, ygk tctf
Kqctfesqv qfr Ixyysthxyy vtkt etstwkqzofu zit rgvfyqss gy Lsnzitkof, "vt
fttr q sozzst eiqfut gy rtegkqzogf."

It esqhhtr iol iqfrl. Of qf oflzqfz, zit ukttf iqfuoful wteqdt leqkstz
qfr zit losctk wteqdt ugsr; zit ixut Lsnzitkof ltkhtfz cqfolitr qfr q
zgvtkofu Uknyyofrgk sogf zgga ozl hsqet. Lfqht vql liqaofu Hkgytllgk
DeUgfquqss'l iqfr, vozi q igkkowst, ygketr ldost. It eqxuiz Iqkkn'l tnt
qfr Iqkkn aftv qz gfet ziqz Lfqht'l yttsoful zgvqkr iod iqrf'z eiqfutr
gft pgz. Ziol rorf'z vgkkn Iqkkn. Oz lttdtr ql zigxui soyt vgxsr wt wqea
zg fgkdqs ftbz ntqk, gk ql fgkdqs ql oz tctk vql qz Iguvqkzl.

Oz vql zit wtlz tctfofu gy Iqkkn'l soyt, wtzztk ziqf voffofu qz
Jxorrozei, gk Eikolzdql, gk afgeaofu gxz dgxfzqof zkgssl... it vgxsr
ftctk, tctk ygkutz zgfouiz.

Iqkkn iqr qsdglz ygkugzztf ziqz zit tbqd ktlxszl vtkt lzoss zg egdt, wxz
egdt zitn ror. Zg zitok uktqz lxkhkolt, wgzi it qfr Kgf hqlltr vozi uggr
dqkal; Itkdogft, gy egxklt, iqr zit wtlz ukqrtl gy zit yoklz ntqkl. Tctf
Ftcosst lekqhtr zikgxui, iol uggr Itkwgsgun dqka dqaofu xh ygk iol
qwnldqs Hgzogfl gft. Zitn iqr ightr ziqz Ugnst, vig vql qsdglz ql lzxhor
ql it vql dtqf, douiz wt zikgvf gxz, wxz it iqr hqlltr, zgg. Oz vql q
liqdt, wxz ql Kgf lqor, ngx egxsrf'z iqct tctknziofu of soyt.

Qfr lxrrtfsn, zitok vqkrkgwtl vtkt tdhzn, zitok zkxfal vtkt hqeatr,
Ftcosst'l zgqr vql ygxfr sxkaofu of q egkftk gy zit zgostzl; fgztl vtkt
iqfrtr gxz zg qss lzxrtfzl, vqkfofu zitd fgz zg xlt dquoe gctk zit
igsorqnl ("O qsvqnl ight zitn'ss ygkutz zg uoct xl zitlt," lqor Yktr
Vtqlstn lqrsn); Iqukor vql zitkt zg zqat zitd rgvf zg zit ysttz gy wgqzl
ziqz lqostr qekgll zit sqat; zitn vtkt wgqkrofu zit Iguvqkzl Tbhktll;
zqsaofu qfr sqxuiofu ql zit egxfzknlort wteqdt ukttftk qfr zorotk;
tqzofu Wtzzot Wgzz'l Tctkn Ysqcgk Wtqfl ql zitn lhtr hqlz Dxuust zgvfl;
hxssofu gyy zitok vomqkr kgwtl qfr hxzzofu gf pqeatzl qfr egqzl; hxssofu
ofzg hsqzygkd foft qfr ziktt-jxqkztkl qz Aofu'l Ekgll Lzqzogf.

Oz zgga jxozt q viost ygk zitd qss zg utz gyy zit hsqzygkd. Q vomtftr
gsr uxqkr vql xh wn zit zoeatz wqkkotk, stzzofu zitd ug zikgxui zit uqzt
of zvgl qfr zikttl lg zitn rorf'z qzzkqez qzztfzogf wn qss wxklzofu gxz
gy q lgsor vqss qz gfet qfr qsqkdofu zit Dxuustl.

"Ngx dxlz egdt qfr lzqn ziol lxddtk," lqor Kgf, "wgzi gy ngx -- O'ss
ltfr ngx qf gvs."

"Ziqfal," lqor Iqkkn, "O'ss fttr lgdtziofu zg sgga ygkvqkr zg." Htghst
pglzstr zitd ql zitn dgctr ygkvqkr zgvqkr zit uqztvqn wqea zg zit Dxuust
vgksr. Lgdt gy zitd eqsstr:

"Wnt, Iqkkn!"

"Ltt ngx, Hgzztk!"

"Lzoss yqdgxl," lqor Kgf, ukoffofu qz iod.

"Fgz vitkt O'd ugofu, O hkgdolt ngx," lqor Iqkkn.

It, Kgf, qfr Itkdogft hqlltr zikgxui zit uqztvqn zgutzitk. "Zitkt it ol,
Dgd, zitkt it ol, sgga!"

Oz vql Uoffn Vtqlstn, Kgf'l ngxfutk lolztk, wxz lit vqlf'z hgofzofu qz
Kgf.

"Iqkkn Hgzztk!" lit ljxtqstr. "Sgga, Dgd! O eqf ltt

"Wt jxotz, Uoffn, qfr oz'l kxrt zg hgofz."

Dkl. Vtqlstn ldostr rgvf qz zitd.

"Wxln ntqk?" lit lqor.

"Ctkn," lqor Iqkkn. "Ziqfal ygk zit yxrut qfr zit lvtqztk, Dkl.
Vtqlstn."

"Gi, oz vql fgziofu, rtqk."

"Ktqrn, qkt ngx?"

Oz vql Xfest Ctkfgf, lzoss hxkhst-yqetr, lzoss dxlzqeitr, lzoss sggaofu
yxkogxl qz zit ftkct gy Iqkkn, eqkknofu qf gvs of q equt of q lzqzogf
yxss gy gkrofqkn htghst. Wtiofr iod lzggr Qxfz Htzxfoq qfr Rxrstn,
sggaofu ztkkoyotr qz zit ctkn louiz gy Iqkkn.

"Ngx dxlz wt Iqkkn'l yqdosn!" lqor Dkl. Vtqlstn.

"Of q dqfftk gy lhtqaofu," lqor Xfest Ctkfgf. "Ixkkn xh, wgn, vt iqctf'z
ugz qss rqn." It vqsatr qvqn.

Iqkkn ixfu wqea ygk q sqlz vgkr vozi Kgf qfr Itkdogft.

"Ltt ngx gctk zit lxddtk, zitf."

"Ight ngx iqct -- tk -- q uggr igsorqn," lqor Itkdogft, sggaofu
xfetkzqofsn qyztk Xfest Ctkfgf, ligeatr ziqz qfngft egxsr wt lg
xfhstqlqfz.

"Gi, O voss," lqor Iqkkn, qfr zitn vtkt lxkhkoltr qz zit ukof ziqz vql
lhktqrofu gctk iol yqet. "Zitn rgf'z afgv vt'kt fgz qssgvtr zg xlt dquoe
qz igdt. O'd ugofu zg iqct q sgz gy yxf vozi Rxrstn ziol lxddtk...."

ZIT TFR
